©2018 Charles Schwab & Co., Inc. All rights reserved. Member SIPC. 
NAK18-014 (1116-PPUL) APP13017TOA-00 (05/18)
*APP13017TOA-00=01*
Confirmation Number: 
Transfer Your Account to Schwab
When to use this form:
• Use this form to trans
fer securities and/or funds from another financial institution (e.g., brokerage firm, 
mutual fund company, bank or insurance company) into your Charles Schwab & Co., Inc. (“Schwab”) 
account.
• To see if your account i
s eligible for online transfers, go to schwab.com/transfer  and log in. 
• To roll over assets fr
om a 401(k) or other qualified employer-sponsored retirement plan, please call a 
Schwab Rollover Consultant at 1-877-412-6116.
• If you want to open a new Sc
hwab account, please attach a completed Open a Schwab One ® Account 
application to this form.
• International tr
ansfers can be initiated by visiting international.schwab.com .
Please Remember: 
• The names on the account you’re transferring should be identical to those on your Schwab account. If they do not 
match, you may need t
o provide one or more of the additional documents listed in Section 2. 
• You must attach a copy o
f your most recent account statement (dated within 90 days) for the account you wish 
to transfer. 
• For Sections 3–6, pl
ease complete only one section and continue to Section 7. 
• A separate Transfe
r Your Account to Schwab form must be used for each account you are transferring. 
• Return instructi
ons are found on page 5.
Tell Us About Your Schwab Account (Required)
Name(s)  (Please list all names as they appear on your account.)
    
Account Type/Registration          Schwab Account Num ber     Social Security/ Tax ID Number
Tell Us About the Account You’re Transferring (Required)
      -  - 
Name of Firm, Mutual Fund Company or Insurance Company           Delivering Firm Te lephone Number
Name and Title of Account  (as shown on your account)  Account Number   Account Type/Reg istration
Additional Documents
If the name(s) on your Schwab account differs from the name(s) on the account that you wish to transfer, you may need 
to provide additional documentation. Trust discrepancies may require additional documentation not listed below.
 Last name changed. Please provide a certified marriage certificate, certified divorce decree or other certified 
court document.
 First/middle name changed or listed differently. Please provide a court document or second-name letter.
1
If you are opening a new 
Schwab account, you can 
leave the Schwab account 
number field blank.
2
If the names listed here do 
not match those listed on 
your Schwab account, you 
may need to attach additional 
documentation and/or have 
those signatures notarized.
Schwab.com
 1-800-464-6093  
(inside the U.S.) 
+1-415-667-8400 
(outside the U.S.)
1-888-686-6916  
(multilingual services)
We’re here to help.
Page 1 of 5

©2018 Charles Schwab & Co., Inc. All rights reserved. Member SIPC. 
NAK18-014 (1116-PPUL) APP13017TOA-00 (05/18)
*APP13017TOA-00=02*
Confirmation Number: 
For Sections 3–6, complete only one section and continue to Section 7.
Credit Union, Bank, Brokerage, Trust Company, and/or Dividend Reinvestment Transfers 
(If Applicable)
Do not complete this section if you have a CD or annuity transfer. Complete Section 4 or 5. 
Amount of Transfer:
Full. Transfer my entire account in kind. (Includes cash and/or money market balances.) 
Partial Transfer. Transfer $   (cash amount) an d/or the assets listed below.
Name, Symbol, or CUSIP # (stocks, bonds, money market, etc.) (partial transfers only)      Number of Shares or “ALL”        
Name, Symbol, or CUSI
P # (stocks, bonds, money market, etc.) (partial transfers only)      Number of Shares or “ALL”        
Name, Symbol, or CUSI
P # (stocks, bonds, money market, etc.) (partial transfers only)      Number of Shares or “ALL”        
Name, Symbol, or CUSI
P # (stocks, bonds, money market, etc.) (partial transfers only)      Number of Shares or “ALL”        
Liquidate Certificate of Deposit (CD) and Transfer Cash (If Applicable)
I am aware of and acknowledge any penalty I will incur from early withdrawal. It is my decision to proceed with this 
request. I understand that all bank-held and credit union–held CD requests should be submitted two to three weeks 
before maturity date and that requests should not be submitted earlier than 30 days before maturity.
Liquidate my CD immediately and transfer cash:
 All. Transfer my entire CD proceeds: $   (expected value  of my CD proceeds).
 Partial. Transfer only $    of my CD proceeds .
Liquidate my CD at maturity / / and transfer cash :
 (mm/dd/yyyy)
 All. Transfer my entire CD proceeds: $   (expected value  of my CD proceeds).
 Partial. Transfer only $   of my CD proceeds.
Surrender or Liquidate Annuity and Transfer Cash (If Applicable)
All annuities must be surrendered or liquidated and the proceeds transferred to Schwab, which could result in 
negative tax consequences, penalties and fees. Before signing this form and liquidating your existing annuity, you 
should discuss the implications with your own tax or estate planning professional. You may still proceed with 
the annuity surrender if you have determined to direct us to process the transaction, but it will be without the 
recommendation of Charles Schwab & Co., Inc. If you elect to proceed with the annuity surrender, please sign and 
return this form. If you have any questions, please contact your Schwab Representative.
Liquidate my annuity immediately and transfer cash:
 All. Transfer my entire annuity proceeds: $   (expected value o f my annuity proceeds).
 Partial. Transfer only $   of my annuity proc eeds.
Liquidate my annuity at maturity / / and transfer cash :
  (mm/dd/yyyy)
 All. Transfer my entire annuity proceeds: $   (expected value of my annuity proceeds).
 Partial. Transfer only $   of my annuity proc eeds.
Important Annuity Information:  Before signing this form and requesting that your annuity be liquidated and the 
proceeds transferred to Schwab, please contact your own tax professional. To transfer your annuity assets, a surrender 
or liquidation of your annuity contract assets must generally occur. This may result in the following consequences:  
surrender charges, loss of vested living or death benefits, potential impact to your estate plan, taxable earnings and 
3
If your cash is held in a 
checking and/or savings 
account, please deposit a 
check instead of completing 
this form.
Attach additional  
pages if needed. 
4
You may only select  
one choice.
You may be charged a penalty 
for early withdrawal.
5
For annuities not held in an 
IRA account, Section 1035 
of the Internal Revenue Code 
may allow you to make a  
tax-free exchange of one 
annuity contract for  
another annuity contract.  
Contact your tax or estate 
planning professional  
before liquidating.
Do not complete this section 
if you are making a 1035 
annuity exchange. For all 
1035 annuity exchanges, call 
1-888-311-4887.
Transfer Your Account to Schwab   |   Page 2 of 5

©2018 Charles Schwab & Co., Inc. All rights reserved. Member SIPC. 
NAK18-014 (1116-PPUL) APP13017TOA-00 (05/18)
*APP13017TOA-00=03*
Confirmation Number: 
possible tax penalties. Some annuities require the submission of the original policy to complete a transfer; please 
consult with your insurance company and submit the original policy if needed. By signing this form, I hereby direct 
Schwab to process the surrender indicated above and indemnify and hold harmless Schwab and its representatives 
from and against any and all claims, losses, taxes, penalties and costs (including reasonable attorney fees and 
expenses) arising from or related to my decision to direct Schwab to process this surrender.
Mutual Fund Company Transfers (If Applicable)
Type of Transfer
 Full. Transfer my entire account. (List below all mutual fund account numbers being transferred.)
 Partial. Transfer only certain funds. (Complete entire section below.)
Name of Fund, CUSIP and/or Symbol Fund Account Number Quantity  
(Indicate # of shares or “ALL.”)
Handling  
(check 
one)
Future Dividends  
and Capital Gains
IK LQ PC RI P/RI
*If you do not select a future dividend and capital gains option, Schwab will transfer all shares requested in kind and
reinvest your dividends and capital gains distributions. If dividend reinvestment is not available at Schwab, Schwab
will automatically pay all future dividends and capital gains distributions in cash.
Authorization to Transfer and Account Holder Signature(s)
To Delivering Firm: Unless otherwise indicated in the instructions in Sections 3–6, please transfer all assets in my 
account to Charles Schwab & Co., Inc. (“Schwab”). 
I understand that to the extent any assets in my account are not readily transferable, with or without penalties, such 
assets may not be transferred within the time frames required by FINRA Rule 11870 or a similar rule of another 
designated examining authority. Unless otherwise indicated in the instructions in Sections 3–6, I authorize you to liquidate  
any nontransferable proprietary money market fund assets that are part of my account, and transfer the resulting  
credit balance to the successor custodian. 
I understand that you will contact me with respect to the disposition of any other assets in my securities account that 
are non-transferable. I authorize you to deduct any outstanding fees due you from the credit balance in my account.  
If my account does not contain a credit balance, or if the credit balance in the account is insufficient to satisfy any 
outstanding fees due you, I authorize you to liquidate the assets in my account to the extent necessary to satisfy that 
obligation. If certificates or other instruments in my account are in your physical possession, I instruct you to transfer 
them in good deliverable form, including affixing any necessary tax waivers, to enable the successor custodian to transfer 
them in their name for the purpose of sale, when and as directed by me. I understand that upon receiving a copy of this 
transfer instruction, you will cancel all open orders for my account on your books. 
I affirm that I have destroyed or returned to you credit/debit cards and/or unused checks issued to me in connection with 
my securities account.
For Retirement Accounts: If this transfer of account is for a qualified retirement account, I have amended the 
applicable plan so that it names Schwab as successor custodian. If this transfer of account is for an IRA, I hereby adopt 
or reaffirm my adoption of the Charles Schwab & Co., Inc. Individual Retirement Plan. If I am transferring an IRA and the 
IRA type indicated on my statement is different from the IRA I currently maintain at Schwab (e.g., Traditional IRA vs. 
Rollover IRA), I hereby authorize Schwab to commingle my IRA assets.
Fees: If the assets I am transferring are considered nonstandard assets at Schwab (such as limited partnerships),  
I understand that I will be charged set-up and maintenance fees. 
I understand that fractional shares of stock are nontransferable, and I agree that any fractional shares will be liquidated by 
the delivering firm upon the transfer of the whole shares. The delivering firm may or may not charge a fee for this liquidation. 
I understand that the delivering firm may or may not assess account fees for the transfer and/or termination of my 
account with them.
Please select  
only one box.
6
Please list all mutual fund 
accounts and include a 
current statement dated  
within 90 days. 
Use a separate transfer  
form for each mutual  
fund company.
Attach additional  
pages if needed. 
Abbreviations: 
IK = In Kind
LQ = Liquidate
PC = Pay Cash
RI = Reinvest
P/RI = Pay/Reinviest
7
Please read and sign on the 
following page.
5. Surrender or Liquidate Annuity and Transfer Cash (If Applicable) (Continued)
Transfer Your Account to Schwab   |   Page 3 of 5

©2018 Charles Schwab & Co., Inc. All rights reserved. Member SIPC. 
NAK18-014 (1116-PPUL) APP13017TOA-00 (05/18)
*APP13017TOA-00=04*
Confirmation Number: 
Mutual Fund Dividends and Capital Gains (Account Transfers Via ACAT Only): I understand that my delivering broker 
may provide Schwab with mutual fund dividends and capital gains distribution instructions for each mutual fund 
position so that Schwab may implement these instructions. If the same position is already held in my Schwab account, 
the dividend instructions will default to the current Schwab choice. In the event that the instructions are not provided 
by the delivering broker or the dividend and/or capital gains distribution option requested is not available at Schwab, 
the instructions will default to reinvest (unless reinvestment isn’t available, in which case dividends and capital gains 
will be paid in cash).
Liquidations: I understand that buying and selling securities during the account transfer process may complicate and 
delay my transfer. Some firms may even “freeze” an account that is in the process of being transferred, meaning that no 
trades will be permitted until the transfer is complete. As a result, I should avoid trading during the transfer process.  
If I am concerned about not being able to sell my stock during the transfer process, I should consider selling my stock 
and waiting until I have received the proceeds before entering the transfer request.
Cost Basis:  I understand that Schwab will update my account with the cost basis information provided on a transfer 
statement by a delivering firm. Because the accuracy of cost basis data depends upon these third-party statements, 
Schwab is not able to guarantee the availability, accuracy, or completeness of such cost basis data. It is my obligation 
to confirm the accuracy of the information Schwab receives from the delivering firm by visiting Schwab.com or 
calling Schwab. Cost basis information is intended for residents of the U.S. It may not be available or appropriate for 
customers who reside outside the U.S. 
Name Discrepancies: All account holders or authorized signers of the account(s) listed in Sections 1 and 2 of this 
form must sign below. If an account holder’s name appears differently on either account, the owner must sign the 
form using all name variations (e.g., maiden name and married name). If there is a name variation, Schwab may 
require additional documentation before accepting the account, such as a marriage certificate or a divorce decree. 
Registration Discrepancies: All account holders or authorized signers of the account(s) listed in Sections 1 and 
2 of this form must sign below. By signing below, I/we acknowledge the existence of any differences in account 
owners and/or account type between the account being transferred into Schwab and the Schwab account. Each 
individual who signs below is aware of these discrepancies and authorizes Schwab to accept the transfer of assets 
as indicated on this form. Schwab or the delivering firm may require additional documentation to effect transfers of 
assets between unlike accounts.
By signing below, I/we acknowledge that I/we have read and I/we understand this form in its entirety. I/we hereby 
authorize the transfer of my/our account as listed in Section 2 to the Schwab account listed in Section 1. By signing 
below, I/we also authorize any name or account discrepancy during the transfer.
Account Holder/Trustee Signature    Account Holder/T rustee Signature
Print Name   Title, First Middle Print Name   Title, First        Middle
Print Name   L a s t ,  S u f fi x  Print Name   Last, Suffix
/ / / /
Today’s Date    (mm/dd/yyyy)     Today’s Date    (mm/dd/yyyy)
Account Holder/Trustee Signature    Account Holder/T rustee Signature
Print Name   Title, First Middle    Print Name   Title, First        Middle
Print Name   L a s t ,  S u f fi x  Print Name   Last, Suffix
/ / / /
Today’s Date    (mm/dd/yyyy)     Today’s Date    (mm/dd/yyyy)
Important disclosures 
regarding account 
discrepancies.
Use  blue or black ink.
All non-Schwab account 
holders signing this transfer 
form must have their 
signatures notarized. 
SIGN HERE
7. Authorization to Transfer and Account Holder Signature(s) (Continued)
Transfer Your Account to Schwab   |   Page 4 of 5

©2018 Charles Schwab & Co., Inc. All rights reserved. Member SIPC. 
NAK18-014 (1116-PPUL) APP13017TOA-00 (05/18)
*APP13017TOA-00=05*
Confirmation Number: 
Next Steps
Did you remember to:
 Attach a copy of your most recent statement for the account you are transferring? 
 Attach any necessary additional documents listed in Section 2? 
For Clients Resid
ing in the United States:
Please return pages 1–5 of this form to your nearest Schwab branch or mail to Charles Schwab & Co., Inc.
Regular Mail
Charles Schwab & Co., Inc.
Attn: IS Document Control 
P .O. Box 982600
El Paso, TX 79998-2600
Regular Mail
Charles Schwab & Co., Inc.
Attn: IS Document Control
P .O. Box 628291
Orlando, FL 32862-8291
Overnight Mail
Charles Schwab & Co., Inc.
Attn: IS Document Control
1945 Northwestern Drive
El Paso, TX 79912
Overnight Mail
Charles Schwab & Co., Inc.
Attn: IS Document Control
1958 Summit Park, Ste. 200
Orlando, FL 32810
For International Clients
Please return pages 1–5 of this form by mail to Charles Schwab & Co., Inc.
Standard U.S. Mail
Attn: International Account Solutions
Charles Schwab & Co., Inc.
P.O. Box 982601
El Paso, TX 79998-2601
USA
International Mail/Overnight Delivery
Attn: International Account Solutions
Charles Schwab & Co., Inc.
1945 Northwestern Drive
El Paso, TX 79912-1108
USA
Be sure to enclose any accompanying materials with your form (such as a check for an initial deposit to open a new 
account). Should you have any questions or need help, just call 1-877-686-1937 (inside the U.S.) or +1-415-667-8400 
(outside the U.S.).
8
Return instructions
FOR DELIVERING FIRM USE ONLY
RECEIVING FIRM INFORMATION
Name and Address
Charles Schwab & Co., Inc. 
IS Document Control  
P .O. Box 982600  
El Paso, TX 79998-2600
Tax ID Number
94-1737782
Overnight Mailing Address
Charles Schwab & Co., Inc. 
IS Document Control  
1945 Northwestern Drive 
El Paso, TX 79912
Schwab Clearing Number
0164
FOR DELIVERING FIRM USE ONLY
All DTC-Eligible Securities:  All deliveries MUST include client name 
and Schwab account number. 
Delivery to DTC Clearing 0164, Code 40.
Dividend Reinvestment or Closed-End Mutual Funds: All deliveries 
MUST reference client name and Schwab account number. The 
client’s Schwab account number must not be included in the mailing 
address. 
Do not establish an account in the name of Charles Schwab & Co., 
Inc. FBO (for benefit of) the client.
Issue a certificate for all whole shares, liquidate all fractional shares 
and discontinue dividend reinvestment.
Physical Delivery of Checks and/or Securities: All deliveries MUST 
reference client name and Schwab account number.
Name and Address  
Charles Schwab & Co., Inc.  
IS Document Control  
P.O. Box 982600  
El Paso, TX 79998-2600
Overnight Mailing Address  
Charles Schwab & Co., Inc.  
IS Document Control  
1945 Northwestern Drive  
El Paso, TX 79912
Fed Book-Entry Securities (e.g., Treasury Notes): All deliveries 
MUST include client name and Schwab account number.
Bank of New York Mellon 
ABA #: 021000018  
BK OF NYC/CSCHWAB 
FBO: 8-digit customer A/C # and name.
Liquidate Money Fund and transfer cash according to instructions 
listed below. 
Fedwire
® Monies: All deliveries MUST include client name and 
Schwab account number.
Wire to: Citibank NA, 111 Wall Street, New York, NY 10005
ABA #: 021000089  
FBO: Charles Schwab & Co., Inc. A/C #: 40553953  
For further credit to Schwab Client Account #:
                   
Foreign Securit
ies: All deliveries MUST include client name and 
Schwab account number.
Call 1-602-355-9003 for delivery instructions.
Transfer Your Account to Schwab   |   Page 5 of 5

©2018 Charles Schwab & Co., Inc. All rights reserved. Member SIPC. NAK18-014 (1116-PPUL) APP13017TO A-00 (05/18)
• Visit Schwab.com for a status update on your transfer or to initiate your transfer online.
• To transfer funds fr
om one Schwab account to another, go to the Transfer and Payments tab on Schwab.com or use the Letter of 
Authorization (LOA) Transfer Assets Between Schwab Accounts form.
• To obtain addition
al forms, visit Schwab.com or call 1-800-435-4000.
GENERAL INFORMATION
Schwab will not accept or honor any oral or written instructions from 
you to purchase or sell securities with the proceeds of the cash and/or 
transferred securities before we have actual receipt of your assets and 
the transfer process is complete.
If you want dividend reinvestment on your stocks, you will need to call 
1-800-435-4000 after your transfer is complete.
If dividend reinvestment is not available for your mutual fund shares, 
Schwab will automatically pay all future dividends and capital gains 
distributions in cash. Requests to sell mutual fund positions are 
dependent upon the delivering firm receiving and processing the 
request and may take several weeks to complete.
If your fund is not transferable as shares, you may consider initiating a 
redemption at the fund company and request that they deliver cash to 
your Schwab account for a faster transfer. 
If the account you are transferring holds pooled investments such as 
hedge funds, funds of funds, private equity, limited partnerships, REITs, 
or any other Alternative Investments, please contact our AI Service 
team at 1-877-201-2985.
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
How long will it take?
Depending on the type of securities, a typical transfer will take 
approximately three weeks. However, some may take up to six weeks  
or even longer.
Please remember that while we make every effort to ensure a swift 
transfer, the actual transfer time depends on how quickly securities 
are liquidated and released or transferred by the financial institution 
currently holding your investments.
Will I be charged a fee?
An exit fee may be charged by your previous financial institution upon 
receiving your transfer request. A wire fee may also be charged by your 
previous financial institution to transfer to Schwab.
Fractional shares of stock are nontransferable, and any fractional 
shares will be liquidated by the delivering firm upon the transfer of  
the whole shares. The delivering firm may or may not charge a fee for 
this liquidation.
If the assets you are transferring are considered nonstandard assets 
at Schwab (such as limited partnerships), there will be set-up and 
maintenance fees.
Are my funds transferable?
Schwab can transfer over 6,000 different mutual funds. Some financial 
firms issue their own (proprietary) mutual funds, and these funds 
typically cannot be transferred to any firm. Also, there are some mutual 
fund companies with whom Schwab has not established an agreement 
with the fund issuer to hold a particular mutual fund. If the mutual fund 
cannot be transferred, then you may be notified by mail.
How do I sell assets prior to transfer?
If there are assets that need to be sold before being transferred to Schwab,  
please instruct the delivering firm to sell assets in your brokerage 
or trust company account and cancel dividend reinvestment prior 
to sending this form to Schwab. This helps ensure that liquidations 
proceed efficiently, because many brokerage or trust companies will not 
accept instructions from Schwab to sell assets.
On a mutual fund transfer where the fund is held directly with the 
mutual fund company, you may utilize Section 6 of the Transfer Your 
Account form to facilitate the liquidation (sell).
Can I liquidate my securities during the account transfer?
Buying and selling securities during the account transfer process may 
complicate and delay your transfer. Some firms may even “freeze” an 
account that is in the process of being transferred, meaning that no 
trades will be permitted until the transfer is complete. As a result, you 
should avoid trading during the transfer process. If you are concerned 
about not being able to sell your stock during the transfer process, 
please consider selling and waiting until you have received the proceeds 
before entering the transfer request.
How do I transfer an annuity?
We recommend that you contact your existing insurer to verify the 
status of any charges or benefits before you proceed with your transfer/
exchange request. Please also note that, in order to process your 
request, additional documentation and information may be required by 
Schwab or the current insurer.
To transfer your annuity assets, a surrender or liquidation of your 
annuity contract assets must generally occur. This may result in the 
following consequences: surrender charges, loss of vested living 
or death benefits, taxable earnings and possible tax penalties. For 
annuities not held in an IRA account, Section 1035 of the Internal 
Revenue Code allows you to make a tax-free exchange of one annuity 
contract for another annuity contract. Some annuities require the 
submission of the original policy to complete a transfer; please consult 
with your Insurance Company and submit the original policy if needed.
How do I transfer my company retirement plans?
Please consult with your plan administrator before initiating a transfer 
request. Then, to roll over your 401(k) or another employer-sponsored 
retirement plan, call a Schwab Rollover Consultant at 1-877-412-6116. 
From filling out paperwork to answering your questions and helping you 
work with your plan administrator, a dedicated Rollover Consultant will 
personally manage the process for you from start to finish, making it 
easy to roll over to a new IRA.
What about cost basis?
Schwab will update your account with the cost basis information 
provided on a transfer statement by a delivering firm. Because 
the accuracy of cost basis data depends upon these third-party 
statements, Schwab is not able to guarantee the availability, accuracy 
or completeness of such cost basis data. It is your obligation to confirm 
the accuracy of the information Schwab receives from the delivering 
firm by visiting Schwab.com or calling Schwab. Cost basis information is 
intended for residents of the U.S. It may not be available or appropriate 
for customers who reside outside the U.S.
Questions? Call 1-800-435-4000.  
Thank you for investing with Charles Schwab.
Transfer Your Account: Additional Information
00208308