   
  
Employment Eligibility Verification 
Department of Homeland Security 
U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services 
USCIS 
Form I-9
OMB No.1615-0047 
Expires 05/31/2027 
START HERE: Employers must ensure the form instructions are available to employees when completing this form. Employers are liable for 
failing to comply with the requirements for completing this form. See below and the Instructions. 
ANTI-DISCRIMINATION NOTICE: All employees can choose which acceptable documentation to present for Form I-9. Employers cannot ask 
employees for documentation to verify information in Section 1, or specify which acceptable documentation employees must present for Section 2 or 
Supplement B, Reverification and Rehire. Treating employees differently based on their citizenship, immigration status, or national origin may be illegal . 
Section 1. Employee Information and Attestation: Employees must complete and sign Section 1 of Form I-9 no later than the first 
day of employment, but not before accepting a job offer. 
Last Name (Family Name) First Name (Given Name) Middle Initial (if any) Other Last Names Used (if any) 
Address (Street Number and Name) Apt. Number (if any) City or Town State ZIP Code 
Date of Birth (mm/dd/yyyy) U.S. Social Security Number Employee's Email Address Employee's Telephone Number 
I am aware that federal law 
provides for imprisonment and/or
fines for false statements, or the 
use of false documents, in 
connection with the completion of
this form. I attest, under penalty
of perjury, that this information,
including my selection of the box
attesting to my citizenship or
immigration status, is true and 
correct. 
Check one of the following boxes to attest to your citizenship or immigration status (See page 2 and 3 of the instructions.): 
1. A citizen of the United States 
2. A noncitizen national of the United States (See Instructions.) 
3. A lawful permanent resident (Enter USCIS or A-Number.) 
4. An alien authorized to work until            (exp. date, if any) 
If you check Item Number 4., enter one of these: 
USCIS A-Number 
OR 
Form I-94 Admission Number 
OR 
Foreign Passport Number and Country of Issuance 
Signature of Employee Today's Date (mm/dd/yyyy) 
If a preparer and/or translator assisted you in completing Section 1, that person MUST complete the Preparer and/or Translator Certification on Page 3. 
 Section 2. Employer Review and Verification: Employers or their authorized representative must complete and sign Section 2 within three 
business days after the employee's first day of employment, and must physically examine, or examine consistent with an alternative procedure 
authorized by the Secretary of DHS, documentation from List A OR a combination of documentation from List B and List C. Enter any additional 
documentation in the Additional Information box; see Instructions. 
List A OR List B AND List C 
Document Title 1 
Issuing Authority 
Document Number (if any) 
Expiration Date (if any) 
Document Title 2 (if any) Additional Information 
Issuing Authority 
Check here if you used an alternative procedure authorized by DHS to examine documents.     
Document Number (if any) 
Expiration Date (if any) 
Document Title 3 (if any) 
Issuing Authority 
Document Number (if any) 
Expiration Date (if any) 
Certification: I attest, under penalty of perjury, that (1) I have examined the documentation presented by the above-named 
employee, (2) the above-listed documentation appears to be genuine and to relate to the employee named, and (3) to the 
best of my knowledge, the employee is authorized to work in the United States. 
First Day of Employment 
(mm/dd/yyyy): 
Last Name, First Name and Title of Employer or Authorized Representative Signature of Employer or Authorized Representative Today's Date (mm/dd/yyyy) 
Employer's Business or Organization Name Employer's Business or Organization Address, City or Town, State, ZIP Code 
For reverification or rehire, complete Supplement B, Reverification and Rehire on Page 4. 
Form I-9 Edition 01/20/25 Page 1 of 4 