MERRILL~- A BANK OF AMERICA COMPANY Authorization for Payroll Deduction & Direct Deposit to IRA/IRRA ®/Roth IRA/Coverdell ESA Please return this form to your employer. Your employer must be able and willing to accept electronic fund transfers through the Automated Clearing House (A C H). If you have any questions about your employer's A C H capabilities, please contact your employer. Notice to Employer or Agency: Please retain this form to document the Employee’s authorization for Payroll Deduction. For A C H purposes, code this as a checking account. The Bank of America transit routing number is 084-301-767. The A C H number is (333) + (the employee’s Merrill account number) + (A) + (21 for deductible contributions or 22 for nondeductible contributions) + (999). Example: Employee making deductible contributions = 333-Merrill account#-A21-999 Example: Employee making non-deductible contributions = 333-Merrill account#-A22-999 Part 1: Employee Information First Name M.I. Last Name Business Phone Home Phone Address City State Zip Social Security Number Part 2: Payroll Deduction & Contribution Information Please check one of the below: q Deductible contribution q Nondeductible contribution Please indicate frequency of contribution: q New Instruction q Change Instruction q Delete Instruction q Weekly q Bi-Weekly q Monthly Merrill Retirement Account Number (IRA, IRRA®, Roth IRA, ESA): Amount to be deducted: $ Note: The total of your contributions to your Merrill retirement account in any one year may not exceed the maximum annual contribution limit allowed by law. Merrill will reject amounts received for contribution to your account that would cause an excess contribution. There is no age restriction on your ability to contribute. Only current-year contributions may be made to your designated Merrill retirement account through Payroll Deduction. Please indicate deductible or non-deductible by checking the appropriate box below. Note: Roth IRA and Coverdell ESA contributions cannot be designated as deductible. Coverdell ESA contributions are only permitted if enrolled in a Merrill Lynch Investment Advisory Program. Signature I hereby authorize you, my employer, to deduct from each Paycheck the dollar amount indicated and to deposit such funds to the Merrill IRA, Roth IRA, IRRA® or Coverdell ESA account designated. Employee Signature Date (month/day/year) 1 of 2 

MERRILL~. A BANK OF AMERICA COMPANY Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated (also referred to as "MLPF&S" or "Merrill") makes available certain investment products sponsored, managed, distributed or provided by companies that are affiliates of Bank of America Corporation ("BofA Corp."). MLPF&S is a registered broker-dealer, registered investment adviser, Member SIPC and a wholly owned subsidiary of BofA Corp. Investment products: Are Not FDIC Insured Are Not Bank Guaranteed May Lose Value © 2020 Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved. Code 2048 Rev (11/20) 2 of 2