Sigma Computing, Inc. 2025 Employee Handbook Page 1 rev072025 July 22, 2025 2025 US Employee Handbook 

 Sigma Computing, Inc. 2025 Employee Handbook Page 2 rev072025 Table of Contents WELCOME TO SIGMA COMPUTING, INC. 5 ABOUT SIGMA 6 SIGMA’S OPERATING PRINCIPLES 6 CODE OF CONDUCT 7 PROHIBITED CONDUCT 7 ANTI-RETALIATION 9 COMPLAINT PROCESS 10 DRUG & ALCOHOL POLICY 12 ETHICAL BUSINESS PRACTICES CONFLICT OF INTEREST 12 CONDUCTING PERSONAL BUSINESS 12 EMPLOYEE RELATIONSHIPS 12 CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION 13 NON-DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION 13 ANTI-BRIBERY, COMPETITIVENESS, CORRUPTION, AND TRUST POLICY (ABAC) 14 Off-Duty Conduct 15 Other Employment 15 EMPLOYMENT 17 AT-WILL EMPLOYMENT STATUS 18 DIVERSITY, EQUITY & INCLUSION 18 EMPLOYMENT ELIGIBILITY 19 Background Check & Screening 19 Sigma’s Employment Practices 20 Internal Applicants 20 Employment of Relatives 21 EMPLOYEE REFERRAL PROGRAM 21 WORK SCHEDULE GUIDELINES 21 Work Designation 22 ACCOMMODATIONS 23 REASONABLE ACCOMMODATIONS 23 VICTIM OF DOMESTIC & SEXUAL VIOLENCE 23 RELIGION 24 LACTATION ACCOMMODATIONS 24 NON-RETALIATION 25 COMPENSATION & BENEFITS 26 PAYROLL STANDARDS 26 REQUIRED PAYROLL DEDUCTIONS 26 WAGE & STANDARD HOURS 26 Medical Plans 28 

 Sigma Computing, Inc. 2025 Employee Handbook Page 3 rev072025 Health Savings Account (HSA) 28 Flexible Spending Account (FSA) 28 Dependent Care FSA 29 Dental 29 Vision 29 Life/AD&D 29 DISABILITY INSURANCE 29 401K 30 ADDITIONAL PERKS 30 REMOTE EMPLOYEE PERKS 30 CELL PHONE STIPEND POLICY 31 TIME OFF 32 SIGMA OBSERVED HOLIDAYS 32 FLEXIBLE TIME OFF POLICY 32 PTO NOTICE & APPROVAL 32 PAID SICK TIME POLICY 33 JURY DUTY 34 TIME OFF TO VOTE 34 LEAVES 35 LEAVE OF ABSENCE STANDARDS 35 EXPECTATIONS 35 BENEFITS 35 FAMILY AND MEDICAL LEAVE 36 LENGTH OF LEAVE 39 PARENTAL LEAVE POLICY 43 PROCESS FOR REQUESTING PARENTAL LEAVE 46 BEREAVEMENT LEAVE 47 Child-Related Activities Leave 48 REHABILITATION OF SUBSTANCE ABUSE 49 BONE MARROW & ORGAN DONOR LEAVE 49 OTHER REQUIRED & DISCRETIONARY LEAVES 50 GENERAL COMPANY POLICIES 50 Personal Data Changes 50 Access to Personnel Records 51 PERFORMANCE EVALUATION 51 Frequency 51 Documentation 51 Confidentiality 51 OPEN-DOOR POLICY 52 GENERAL EXPECTATIONS 52 

 Sigma Computing, Inc. 2025 Employee Handbook Page 4 rev072025 Employees are expected to: 52 TRANSPORTATION 52 LODGING 53 MEALS & INCIDENTALS 53 RELOCATION 54 Employee Relocation 54 LEARNING & DEVELOPMENT POLICY 55 FAMILY-FRIENDLY WORKPLACE SCHEDULES 56 SECURITY STANDARDS 59 TECHNOLOGY SYSTEMS 59 COMMUNICATION GUIDELINES (SLACK/GMAIL) 60 Slack Guidelines 60 Email Guidelines 60 HEALTH & SAFETY 61 HEALTH & SAFETY STANDARDS 62 RECREATIONAL ACTIVITIES & PROGRAMS 62 WORKPLACE VIOLENCE POLICY 62 DEFINITION OF WORKPLACE VIOLENCE 62 PROHIBITED CONDUCT 62 EMPLOYEES WHO ARE REQUIRED TO DRIVE 62 BUILDING ACCESS 63 BADGE ACCESS 64 WORKSPACE 64 GUEST & VISITORS 64 TERMINATION 64 VOLUNTARY RESIGNATION 65 INVOLUNTARY TERMINATION & PROGRESSIVE DISCIPLINE 65 REDUCTION IN FORCE 65 JOB ABANDONMENT 65 FINAL PAY 65 RETURN OF COMPANY PROPERTY 66 EMPLOYEE HANDBOOK ACKNOWLEDGEMENT AND RECEIPT FORM 68 POLICIES AGAINST DISCRIMINATION, SEXUAL HARASSMENT AND OTHER WORKPLACE HARASSMENT ACKNOWLEDGEMENT AND RECEIPT 69 ATTACHMENT - HARASSMENT COMPLAINT FORM 70 

 Sigma Computing, Inc. 2025 Employee Handbook Page 5 rev072025 WELCOME TO SIGMA COMPUTING, INC. Sigma Computing, Inc. (the “Company” or “Sigma”) wants to create an environment that empowers employees to perform at their best and allow the Company to achieve excellence. We value your ideas and embrace your contributions. We believe that each employee contributes directly to the Company’s growth and success, and we hope you are proud to be a member of our team. One of our objectives is to provide a work environment that is conducive to both personal and professional growth. This Employee Handbook (the “Handbook”) was developed to describe some of the expectations of our employees and to outline certain benefits available to eligible employees. You are required to read, understand, and comply with all provisions of the Handbook. No employee handbook can anticipate every circumstance or question about policy. As the Company continues to grow, the need may arise, and the Company reserves the right, to revise, supplement, or rescind in writing any policies or portion of the Handbook (except for the employment at-will policy) from time to time as it deems appropriate, in its sole and absolute discretion, without notice to or consent from employees. Employees will be notified in writing of such changes to the Handbook as they occur. Please reach out if you have any questions at PeopleOps@sigmacomputing.com To the extent this Handbook deviates from the law of the state in which you work, the Company will comply with state law. All previously issued policies and any inconsistent statements about the Company’s policies or benefits (whether written or oral) are superseded and hereby replaced. We hope that your experience at the Company will be enjoyable and rewarding. Welcome to Sigma! 

 Sigma Computing, Inc. 2025 Employee Handbook Page 6 rev072025 ABOUT SIGMA Sigma is an exploratory analytics solution application built for the cloud. Trusted by data-first companies, Sigma provides live access to cloud data warehouses using an intuitive spreadsheet interface—enabling business experts to independently explore data, empowering them to activate data driven insights without writing a single line of code. With the full power of SQL, the cloud, and a familiar interface, business users have the freedom to analyze data in real time without limits. Sigma is self-service analytics as it was meant to be—a single source of truth that eliminates data extracts, simplifies analysis, and drives data intelligence at every level of business. Our success is deeply rooted in our people and our distinctive culture. We recognize that both elements will remain pivotal as we strive to attain our ambitious objectives. As we continue to prioritize short- and long-term growth, it is imperative that we maintain our culture at the heart of our operations, and our operating principles serve as the guiding force that enables us to achieve this. SIGMA’S OPERATING PRINCIPLES ● We are Data Driven: Data is always the basis for our decisions & actions. ● We are the Model Sigma Customer: We use Sigma everywhere in our day to day, at Sigma! ● Strive for Greatness: Put forward ideas that represent your best work, always. ● Optimize for Learning: It doesn’t matter who is winning today - what matters is who is learning the most and moving the fastest ● The Long-Term Goals of Sigma and our Customer are Aligned: Be obsessed with customer satisfaction & achieving customer goals ● We act Like an Owner: We are fully accountable for our commitments & our results ● Winning Matters: Know your goals, care about achieving, celebrate winning & learn from failure ● We are a Diverse and Exceptional Team: We insist on having A+ team members & know that an exceptional team is a diverse team ● We Are Good People: We act with integrity and treat people with respect & empathy 

 Sigma Computing, Inc. 2025 Employee Handbook Page 7 rev072025 CODE OF CONDUCT All employees are expected to meet the Company’s standards for ethical, businesslike behavior and job performance, including – among other things – behaving in an ethical and professional manner, successfully performing their job duties, not interfering with the job performance of others, and complying with all other policies set forth in this Handbook. The Company acknowledges that it cannot enumerate every acceptable or unacceptable behavior in the workplace within this document. This statement of prohibited conduct does not alter the Company’s policy of at-will employment. Accordingly, the Company remains free to terminate the employment relationship or take other disciplinary action at any time, with or without cause or advance notice, whether or not the employee has engaged in any of the conduct listed above. PROHIBITED CONDUCT Employees are expected to conduct themselves in a manner to further the Company's objectives. The following conduct is prohibited and will not be tolerated by Sigma. This list of prohibited conduct is illustrative only; other types of conduct that threaten security, personal safety, employee welfare and Company operations also may be prohibited and will result in disciplinary action up to and including termination. ● Falsifying employment records, employment information, or other Company records; ● Inefficient or careless performance of job responsibilities or inability to perform job duties satisfactorily; ● Recording the work time of another employee or allowing any other employee to record their work time, or falsifying any timecard, either their own or another employee's; ● Theft and deliberate or careless damage or destruction of any Company property, or the property of any employee or customer; ● Removing or borrowing Company property without prior authorization; ● Unauthorized use or misuse of Company equipment, time, materials, or facilities; ● Provoking a fight or fighting during working hours or on Company property; ● Participating in horseplay or practical jokes on Company time or on Company premises; ● Carrying firearms or any other dangerous weapons on Company premises at any time; ● Causing, creating or participating in a disruption of any kind during working hours on Company property; ● Insubordination, including but not limited to failure or refusal to obey the orders or instructions of a supervisor or member of management, or the use of abusive or threatening language toward a supervisor or member of management; ● Using abusive, threatening or intimidating language at any time on Company premises or Company provides tools and technology; ● Violation of Company punctuality and attendance policies. Absences protected by state or federal law do not count as violations of this policy. Protected paid sick time under applicable law does not count as a violation of this policy; ● Failing to obtain permission to leave work for any reason during normal working hours, not including meal periods; ● Failing to observe working schedules, including rest and meal periods; ● Sleeping or malingering on the job; ● Violation of any safety, health, security or Company policy, rule or procedure; ● Violation of the Company's drug and alcohol policy; ● Committing a fraudulent act or a breach of trust under any circumstances; 

 Sigma Computing, Inc. 2025 Employee Handbook Page 8 rev072025 ● Violating the Company's anti-harassment or equal employment opportunity policies; and Failing to promptly report work-related injury or illness HARASSMENT DISCRIMINATION & RETALIATION PREVENTION Sigma is an equal opportunity employer. Sigma is committed to providing a work environment free of harassment, discrimination, retaliation, and disrespectful or other unprofessional conduct based on: ● Race ● Religion (including religious dress and grooming practices) ● Color ● Creed ● Sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding or related medical conditions, and reproductive health decision-making) ● Sex stereotypes, gender/gender identity/gender expression/transgender (including whether or not you are transitioning or have transitioned) and sexual orientation. ● Hair texture and protective hairstyles ● National origin or ancestry ● Physical or mental disability ● Medical condition (including genetic information/characteristics) ● Marital status/registered domestic partner status ● Age ● Military or veteran status ● Any other basis protected by federal, state or local law or ordinance or regulation. Sigma also prohibits discrimination, harassment, disrespectful or unprofessional conduct based on the perception that anyone has any of those characteristics or is associated with a person who has or is perceived as having any of those characteristics. In addition, the Company prohibits retaliation against individuals who raise complaints of discrimination or harassment or who participate in workplace investigations. All such conduct violates Company policy. HARASSMENT PREVENTION Harassment is generally conduct that: does not relate to the business of the Company; has the purpose or effect of interfering with an individual's ability to work, or that creates a hostile, intimidating, or abusive work environment; and is directed at an individual because of a protected characteristic. The Company's policy prohibiting harassment applies to all persons involved in the operation of the Company. The Company prohibits harassment and disrespectful or unprofessional conduct by any employee of the Company, including supervisors, managers, and co-workers. The Company's anti-harassment policy also applies to vendors, customers, independent contractors, all interns, volunteers, persons providing services pursuant to a contract and other persons with whom the employees come into contact while working. This policy requires all employees to treat each other and every individual with whom they have contact in the course of their employment with courtesy and respect. No individual in the Company is exempt from the requirements of this policy, and all Company 

 Sigma Computing, Inc. 2025 Employee Handbook Page 9 rev072025 employees and representatives are expected to avoid any behavior or conduct that could reasonably be interpreted as violating this policy, regardless of whether that conduct occurs on or off Company premises, or at events not sponsored by the Company. Prohibited harassment and disrespectful or unprofessional conduct includes, but is not limited to, the following behavior: ● Verbal conduct such as epithets, derogatory jokes or comments, slurs or unwanted sexual advances, invitations, comments, posts or messages, gender role stereotyping, including intentional misuse of an individual’s preferred pronouns and/or unwelcome remarks about an individual’s gender, gender identity or expression, body, color, physical characteristics, appearance, or sexual practices, or gossiping about sexual relations); ● Visual displays such as derogatory and/or sexually oriented posters, photography, cartoons, drawings or gestures. ● Physical conduct including assault, unwanted touching, intentionally blocking normal movement or interfering with work because of sex, race or any other protected basis. ● Threats and demands to submit to sexual requests or sexual advances as a condition of ● Continued employment, or to avoid some other loss and offers of employment benefits in return for sexual favors. ● Retaliation for reporting or threatening to report harassment; and ● Communication via electronic media of any type that includes any conduct that is prohibited by state and/or federal law or by company policy. Sexual harassment does not need to be motivated by sexual desire to be unlawful or to violate this policy. For example, hostile acts toward an employee because of their gender can amount to sexual harassment, regardless of whether the treatment is motivated by sexual desire. Sexual harassment may involve individuals of the same or different genders. Prohibited harassment is not just sexual harassment but harassment based on any protected category. ANTI-RETALIATION The Company prohibits retaliation against any individual who, in good faith, reports discrimination or harassment, who assists another in making a report, who cooperates in an investigation of a complaint, or who files an administrative claim with any government agency. Any individual who experiences, witnesses or becomes aware of any conduct they believe to be retaliatory should immediately follow the reporting procedures stated under sections: ● General Company Policies —> Complaint Process and Policies against discrimination, sexual harassment and other workplace harassment acknowledgement and receipt. The Company will not retaliate against an employee for filing a complaint or participating in any workplace investigation or complaint process, and will not tolerate or permit retaliation by management, employees, or co-workers. Retaliation is a serious violation of this Handbook and, like harassment or discrimination itself, will be subject to disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment. COMPLAINT PROCESS 

 Sigma Computing, Inc. 2025 Employee Handbook Page 10 rev072025 If an employee believes that they have been the subject of harassment, discrimination, retaliation, or other prohibited conduct, they must bring their complaint to the attention of the Company immediately after the incident. Employees are not required to make a complaint directly to their immediate manager. They can go directly to the People Operations team, to another manager outside of their direct reporting line, or report to any anonymous reporting channel provided by Sigma. The People Operations Team to whom you may report such incidents consists of the following individuals (which are subject to change): ● Orla Clifford - VP of Operations ● Michelle Zeng - HR Business Partner ● Dana Palmer – HR Business Partner If an employee needs assistance with their complaint, or if they prefer to make a complaint in person, contact the People Operations team at PeopleOps@Sigmacomputing.com. To facilitate the complaint process, the Company has included a complaint form as Attachment 1 to the Handbook. Please provide all known details of the incident or incidents, names of individuals involved, and names of any witnesses. It is best to communicate a complaint in writing, but it is not mandatory. Anyone who receives a complaint must refer all harassment complaints to the People Operations team at PeopleOps@Sigmacomputing.com. The Company encourages all individuals to report any incidents of harassment, discrimination, retaliation or other prohibited conduct forbidden by this policy immediately so that complaints can be quickly and fairly resolved. Employees should also be aware that the Federal Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, The California Civil Rights Department, the New York Division of Human Rights (“NYSDHR”) and the New York City Commission on Human Rights (“NYCCHR”) investigate and prosecute complaints of prohibited harassment, discrimination and retaliation in employment. If an employee thinks they have been harassed or discriminated against or that they have been retaliated against for resisting, complaining, or participating in an investigation, they may file a complaint with the appropriate agency. There is no cost to file a complaint. Each agency has a statute of limitations by which complaints must be filed. Complaining internally to the Company does not extend an employees time to file with the agency or state or federal court. Employees may contact these agencies as well as other applicable state agencies directly. For ease of reference and in accordance with applicable local law, information regarding the following agencies is provided here: ● Information about the EEOC complaint procedure, including mediation, settlement, and conciliation processes, can be found on the EEOC’s website (www.eeoc.gov). Employees may also contact the EEOC at 1-800-669-4000 (English) or 1-800-669-6820 (TTY) or via email at info@eeoc.gov. ● Information about the California Civil Rights Department can be found on its website (https://calcivilrights.ca.gov/). Employees may contact the California Civil Rights Department at: 1-800-884-1684. ● Information about the NYSDHR, including its digital complaint process, can be found on its website (www.dhr.ny.gov). Employees may also contact the NYSDHR at: 1-718-741-8400. ● Employees may also contact the NYSDHR’s confidential hotline at 1-800-HARASS-3 (1-800-427-2773) to receive assistance with or a referral to a pro bono attorney regarding a sexual harassment complaint. ● Information about the NYCCHR can be found on its website 

 Sigma Computing, Inc. 2025 Employee Handbook Page 11 rev072025 (https://www.nyc.gov/site/cchr/index.page). Employees may contact the NYCCHR at 1-212-306-7450. Supervisors must refer all complaints involving harassment, discrimination, retaliation, or other prohibited conduct to the People Operations team so that the Company can try to resolve the complaint. Non-supervisor and non-manager employees witnessing harassment as a bystander are encouraged to report any witnessed incident to the People Operations team. Bystanders who witness harassment or discrimination and want to help can intervene by, among other things, interrupting the harassment by engaging with the individual being harassed and distracting them from the harassing behavior, or checking in with the person experiencing harassment after the incident. When the Company receives allegations of misconduct, it will immediately undertake a fair, timely, thorough, and objective investigation of the allegations in accordance with all legal requirements. Sigma will reach reasonable conclusions based on the evidence collected. The Company may exercise its discretion to put certain interim measures in place, such as a suspension, leave of absence or a transfer, while the investigation proceeds. The investigation will be documented and tracked to ensure reasonable progress of the investigation, and the Company will ensure the timely closure of the investigation. The Company will maintain confidentiality to the extent possible. However, the Company cannot promise complete confidentiality. The employer's duty to investigate and take corrective action may require the disclosure of information to individuals with a need to know. Complaints will be: ● Responded to in a timely manner ● Kept confidential, to the extent possible ● Investigated impartially by qualified personnel in a timely manner ● Documented and tracked for reasonable progress ● Given appropriate options for remedial action and resolution ● Closed in a timely manner If Sigma determines that harassment, discrimination, retaliation, or other prohibited conduct has occurred, appropriate and effective corrective and remedial action will be taken in accordance with the circumstances involved. The Company will also take appropriate action to deter future misconduct. If a third party (such as vendors or business partner) engages in any conduct that violates this policy, the Company will determine the appropriate actions to be taken to rectify the conduct and prevent any future misconduct. The Company may take remedial action even if the conduct at issue does not rise to the level of a legal violation, or even a material violation of this policy. Any employee determined by the company to have engaged in harassment, discrimination, retaliation or other prohibited conduct will be subject to appropriate disciplinary action, up to, and including termination. Employees should also know that if they engage in unlawful harassment, they can be held personally liable for the misconduct. DRUG & ALCOHOL POLICY Sigma is committed to providing a safe and productive work environment. Further, alcohol and drug misuse poses a threat to the health and safety of Sigma employees. For these reasons, Sigma is committed to the elimination of drug and alcohol misuse in the workplace. The following rules 

 Sigma Computing, Inc. 2025 Employee Handbook Page 12 rev072025 therefore apply to all employees of Sigma: (1) employees may not report to work (whether in the office or offsite) while their ability to perform job duties is impaired due to on- or off-duty use of alcohol or other drugs; and (2) employees are prohibited from using, possessing, buying, selling, manufacturing or dispensing an illegal drug (to include possession of drug paraphernalia) at Sigma’s premises or at Sigma events. COMPANY EVENTS All Sigma-sponsored events, activities, and gatherings are considered extensions of the workplace, regardless of location, time of day, or day of the week. This includes but is not limited to: • Holiday parties and celebrations • Team-building activities and retreats • Client entertainment and business meals • Conferences, trade shows, and training seminars • Company picnics and social events • Off-site meetings and workshops • Volunteer activities organized by the company • Travel for business purposes • Virtual events and online gatherings • Informal gatherings where company business may be discussed All Sigma policies, procedures, and standards of conduct apply to company events and off-site activities, including but not limited to Sigma’s Drug and Alcohol Policy. Employees are expected to maintain the same level of professionalism at Sigma events as they would in the office. Similarly, all employee rights and protections that apply in the workplace extend to such events. Employees with any concerns about conduct at Sigma events should contact People Operations at peopleops@sigmacomputing.com. ETHICAL BUSINESS PRACTICES CONFLICT OF INTEREST No employee may accept a gift or gratuity from any customer, vendor, supplier, or other person doing business with Sigma because doing so may give the appearance of influencing business decisions, transactions or service. Please discuss expenses paid by such persons for business meals or trips with the Company in advance. Employees are expected to devote their best efforts and attention to the full-time performance of their jobs. Employees are expected to use good judgment, to adhere to high ethical standards and to avoid situations that create an actual or potential conflict between the employee’s personal interests and the interests of the Company. CONDUCTING PERSONAL BUSINESS Employees are to conduct only Sigma business while at work. Employees may not conduct personal business or business for another employer during their scheduled working hours. EMPLOYEE RELATIONSHIPS 

 Sigma Computing, Inc. 2025 Employee Handbook Page 13 rev072025 Sigma’s workplace dating policy provides guidelines our employees should follow when they’re romantically or sexually involved with a colleague. This policy applies to all our employees regardless of gender, sexual orientation or other protected characteristics. In the context of this policy, “employee dating” includes consensual romantic relationships or sexual relations. Acceptable Behaviors Sigma does not want to place undue restrictions on employees dating each other. But this policy is in place to make sure that relationships do not cause awkwardness in the workplace or interfere with people’s ability to perform their tasks. Employees engaged in a relationship must: ● Report their relationship to PeopleOps@sigmacomputing.com, immediately. ● Keep their personal issues and discussions out of the workplace. ● Ensure that their personal relationship does not affect their coworkers ● Make sure there is no conflict of interest or any appearance of a conflict of interest ● Be productive and focused as always. Depending on the roles held by the individuals involved in the relationship (e.g., employees in the same department), the Company may require one or both of the employees to move to a different role or department. The Company also reserves the right to terminate the employment of the involved individuals to the extent any conflict of interest cannot be adequately resolved. Personal romantic relationships with individuals who report to the employee or to whom an employee reports are especially problematic due to the inherent conflict of interest presented. Relationships of this nature must be immediately reported and may lead to one or both individuals being reassigned or, if warranted, terminated. Relationships involving harassment, abuse, or that are in any way nonconsensual are absolutely prohibited. OUTSIDE EMPLOYMENT AND ACTIVITIES Sigma employees are expected to devote their full professional attention and energy to their role during working hours. While employed with Sigma, employees may not engage in outside employment, consulting, or business activities that: 

 Sigma Computing, Inc. 2025 Employee Handbook Page 14 rev072025 • Interfere with job performance or ability to fulfill work responsibilities • Create a conflict of interest with Sigma's business operations • Compete directly or indirectly with Sigma's services or products • Utilize Sigma's confidential information, trade secrets, or proprietary resources • Occur during scheduled work hours or using company equipment/facilities • Impair judgment concerning Sigma's best interests Disclosure and Approval Process Full-time employees must disclose any proposed outside employment or business activities to their manager and the PeopleOps team prior to commencement. Sigma reserves the right to prohibit outside activities that violate the above criteria or require modification of the arrangement. Exceptions This policy does not restrict employees from: • Passive investments that don't require active participation • Volunteer work for charitable organizations • Teaching, writing, or speaking on subjects unrelated to Sigma's business (when not during work hours) • Other activities protected under California Labor Code Section 96(k) and related statutes Violations of this policy may result in disciplinary action up to and including termination. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION Each employee is responsible for safeguarding the confidential information obtained during employment. In the course of an employee’s work, they may have access to trade secrets or similarly protected proprietary or confidential information regarding Sigma's business (such as financial data, research and development, marketing, business plans or strategies, suppliers, business partners or customers). The employee has a responsibility to prevent revealing or divulging any such information unless it is necessary for them to do so in the performance of their duties or as required by law. Access to, or disclosure of, confidential information should be on a "need-to-know" basis and must be authorized by their supervisor. Any breach of this policy will not be tolerated, and legal action may be taken by the Company. This policy does not prohibit employees from confidentially disclosing trade secret, proprietary or confidential information to federal, state and local government officials, or to an attorney, when done to report or investigate a suspected violation of the law. Employees may also disclose the information in certain court proceedings if specific procedures to protect the information are followed. Nothing in this policy is intended to conflict with 18 U.S.C. sec. 1833(b) or create liability for disclosures of trade secrets that are expressly allowed by 18 U.S.C. sec. 1833(b). Nothing in this policy prevents an employee from discussing or disclosing information about 

 Sigma Computing, Inc. 2025 Employee Handbook Page 15 rev072025 unlawful acts in the workplace, such as harassment or discrimination or any other conduct that they have reason to believe is unlawful. Additionally, nothing in this policy is intended to prevent employees from discussing the terms and conditions of their employment under Section 7 of the National Labor Relations Act. NON-DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION The protection of confidential business information and trade secrets is vital to the interests and the success of the Company. Employees are prohibited from using or disclosing the Company’s confidential, proprietary or trade secret information except in the performance of their job duties. Additionally, as a condition of employment, an employee is required to sign and comply with the Company’s standard form of Employee Proprietary Information and Inventions Assignment Agreement. ANTI-BRIBERY, COMPETITIVENESS, CORRUPTION, AND TRUST POLICY (ABAC) Sigma is committed to maintaining a strong ethical culture and ensuring compliance with anti-bribery laws and regulations in all jurisdictions where we conduct business. This Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption (ABAC) Policy prohibits improper or unethical payments to government officials or parties involved in private commercial transactions worldwide. The policy is designed to align with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA), the U.K. Bribery Act 2010, and other relevant anti-bribery laws. It also considers the current antitrust and anti-competitiveness regulations for the United States and GDPR. This policy provides guidelines and expectations for all Sigma employees and agents, including board members, officers, managers, employees, contractors, vendors, consultants, and sales representatives. Its purpose is to prevent bribery, kickbacks, and illegal payments that could influence business transactions. Additionally, the policy emphasizes accurate bookkeeping, maintenance of internal controls, and compliance with applicable antitrust and anti-competitiveness regulations, such as those mandated by the United States and GDPR. PRINCIPLES OF THE ABAC POLICY Bribery and Corruption in relation to Trust and Competitiveness: In adherence to this policy, Sigma strictly prohibits various forms of prohibited payments (by law or stipulated) besides direct monetary transfers to alleviate corruption concerns in the forms of bribes and to avoid antitrust and anti-competitiveness conflicts. Examples include, but are not limited to, offering gifts, providing travel, meals, entertainment, or other types of hospitality expenses. Contributions to political parties, campaigns, candidates for office, or party officials are also not permitted so that competitiveness transparency can be up kept. Furthermore, employment, whether paid or unpaid, and charitable contributions or sponsorships can be considered as means of facilitating competitiveness advantages, and all inquiries of such shall first be referred and reviewed by HR, which will make the proper determination to allow or not. This policy also does not authorize facilitating payments, such as small amounts given to expedite routine governmental actions, especially if in exchange for facilitating mergers, acquisitions, and other business practices. Official fees, which are standard fees paid to governmental offices or agencies for non-discretionary governmental actions, are permitted. 

 Sigma Computing, Inc. 2025 Employee Handbook Page 16 rev072025 Reaction to Red Flags If any activity or incident raises concerns about inappropriate or corrupt behavior, individuals must immediately cease and desist from participating in such activities and promptly report the incident. Reporting Violations Sigma expects all employees and agents, including leadership and board members, to understand, comply with, and report any violations or suspected violations of this Policy and applicable legal requirements. Each individual at Sigma is responsible for making business decisions aligned with this policy's principles and Sigma's best interests. Anyone with reason to believe a violation of this Policy has occurred must report the violating activity promptly. Reports may be submitted in person, anonymously, or via email to any manager, the Compliance Manager, or via the email compliance@sigmacomputing.com. Failure to report known or suspected wrongdoing may result in disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment. Sigma does not tolerate retaliation against individuals who file good-faith reports or complaints. Confidentiality The Compliance Officer ensures absolute confidentiality regarding the identity of individuals making reports or approaching them, as well as the subject matter and details of such reports or approaches. Investigations Sigma will thoroughly investigate any reports of suspicious activities or incidents related to inappropriate or corrupt behavior, suspected corruption, or violations of this Policy. No immunity will be considered. The company will conduct the appropriate investigation on a case-by-case basis. In addition, the company reserves the right to resource law enforcement and other legal means, including hiring legal representation to address the investigation properly. Although anonymous reports are acceptable, detailed reports aid in conducting thorough investigations. Consequences Failure to adhere to this Policy and applicable laws may lead to severe consequences for Sigma, including irreparable reputational damage, contract termination, blacklisting, and potential criminal prosecution for employees, which may result in fines and imprisonment. If an employee is found to be in breach of this Policy, Sigma reserves the right to terminate their employment immediately. Off-Duty Conduct While Sigma does not seek to interfere with the off-duty and personal conduct of its employees, certain types of off-duty conduct may interfere with the Company's legitimate business interests. Off-duty conduct by an employee that directly conflicts with the Company's essential business interests and disrupts business operations will not be tolerated. Other Employment 

 Sigma Computing, Inc. 2025 Employee Handbook Page 17 rev072025 While employed by Sigma, employees are expected to devote their energies to their jobs with the Company. Employment that directly conflicts with the Company's essential business interests and disrupts business operations is strictly prohibited. If an employee wishes to engage in additional employment that may create a real conflict of interest, they must submit a written request to Sigma explaining the details of the additional employment. If the additional employment is authorized, Sigma assumes no responsibility for it. Sigma shall not provide workers' compensation coverage or any other benefit for injuries occurring from or arising out of additional employment. Authorization to engage in additional employment can be revoked at any time. 

 Sigma Computing, Inc. 2025 Employee Handbook Page 18 rev072025 EMPLOYMENT EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY STATEMENT To provide equal employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants and employees, employment decisions at the Company will be based on merit, qualifications, and abilities. The Company does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices on the basis of race, color, creed, religion, sex, pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions, reproductive health decision-making, sexual orientation, hair texture and protective hairstyles, national origin or ancestry, gender, gender identity, gender expression, physical or mental disability, age, medical condition (including genetic characteristics), veteran and military status, marital status, registered domestic partner status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws (each a “protected characteristic”). It also prohibits unlawful discrimination based on the perception that anyone has a protected characteristic or is associated with a person who has or is perceived as having a protected characteristic. This policy governs all aspects of employment, including but not limited to, recruitment, selection, job assignment, compensation, discipline, promotion, termination, and access to benefits and training. Pay discrimination between employees of the opposite sex or between employees of another race or ethnicity performing substantially similar work, as defined by the California Fair Pay Act and federal law, is prohibited. Pay differentials may be valid in certain situations defined by law. Employees will not be retaliated against for inquiring about or discussing wages. However, Sigma is not obligated to disclose the wages of other employees. If an employee has any questions regarding the Company’s Equal Employment Opportunity Policy, feels that the policy has been violated, or feels that they have been discriminated against, harassed, retaliated against, or otherwise treated unfairly as a result of being a member of, being perceived as a member, or being associated with a member of any of the categories specified above, they are encouraged and expected to immediately bring the matter to the attention of their supervisor, any manager, or the People Operations team. Appropriate disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment, may be taken against any employee who violates Sigma’s Equal Employment Opportunity Policy. Sigma is an equal opportunity employer. Sigma is committed to providing a work environment free of harassment, discrimination, retaliation, and disrespectful or other unprofessional conduct based on: ● Race ● Religion (including religious dress and grooming practices) ● Color ● Creed ● Sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding or related medical conditions, and reproductive health decision-making) ● Sex stereotypes, gender/gender identity/gender expression/transgender (including whether or not you are transitioning or have transitioned) and sexual orientation. ● Hair texture and protective hairstyles ● National origin or ancestry ● Physical or mental disability ● Medical condition (including genetic information/characteristics) 

 Sigma Computing, Inc. 2025 Employee Handbook Page 19 rev072025 ● Marital status/registered domestic partner status ● Age ● Military or veteran status ● Any other basis protected by federal, state or local law or ordinance or regulation. Sigma also prohibits discrimination, harassment, disrespectful or unprofessional conduct based on the perception that anyone has any of those characteristics or is associated with a person who has or is perceived as having any of those characteristics. In addition, the Company prohibits retaliation against individuals who raise complaints of discrimination or harassment or who participate in workplace investigations. All such conduct violates Company policy. AT-WILL EMPLOYMENT STATUS Employees at Sigma are employed on an at-will basis. This means that the employment relationship may be terminated at any time with or without cause or advance notice by either the employee or the Company. Neither this Handbook, nor any policy or practice of the Company, is intended to imply continued or guaranteed employment, or otherwise limit in any way the policy of at-will employment. In describing Company policies and procedures, this Handbook does not obligate the Company to follow any particular procedure in the course of imposing discipline or terminating employment. No employee or representative of the Company has any authority to enter into an agreement for employment for any specified period of time or to make an agreement for employment on other than at-will terms. Only the CEO of Sigma has the authority to make any such agreement, which is binding only if it is in writing. Nothing in this at-will statement is intended to interfere with an employee's rights to communicate or work with others toward altering the terms and conditions of their employment under Section 7 of the National Labor Relations Act, such as communications regarding wages, scheduling or other terms of employment. DIVERSITY, EQUITY & INCLUSION Sigma is committed to fostering a diverse workforce, and maintaining a workplace that is equitable, inclusive, and safe for all employees. From recruiting practices, to pay and benefits, promotions, and all other aspects of employment with us, an environment of equity is of the utmost importance. We not only recognize that our employees comprise a wide range of backgrounds and characteristics, but we believe those differences should be celebrated and valued. Whether it's race, religion, creed, gender, national origin or ancestry, color, age (40 years of age or older), marital or registered domestic partner status, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), reproductive health decision-making, sexual orientation, gender identity, hair texture and protective hairstyles, gender expression, physical or mental disability, medical condition (including genetic information/characteristics), veteran and military status, or any other protected characteristic, these are parts of each of an employee that contribute to their experiences as humans, and ultimately to the knowledge and expertise that make them a valuable asset to the company. 

 Sigma Computing, Inc. 2025 Employee Handbook Page 20 rev072025 Sigma is committed and determined that there is access, opportunity and advancement for all individuals. We are always looking for ways in which we can cultivate an inclusive work environment, strengthen our cultural competency, and train our managers and employees to provide opportunities for growth and development. It is our intention that all of our employees, regardless of any background or protected characteristic, are always treated with respect and dignity. Likewise, we expect that as our employees treat their coworkers, supervisors, other team members, and third parties with the same dignity and respect always. Disrespect, inappropriate behavior, or conduct toward others will not be tolerated and may subject an employee to disciplinary action, up to and including termination. If an employee feels they have been mistreated, harassed, or discriminated or retaliated against in violation of the Company's Harassment, Discrimination and Retaliation Prevention policy, please contact your supervisor or the People team. EMPLOYMENT ELIGIBILITY Background Check & Screening As part of our commitment to fostering a safe and productive environment, all job applicants are required to undergo pre-employment screening. Additionally, as necessary, we may conduct periodic screenings for current employees or contingent workers assigned to specific projects. These screenings will be conducted in compliance with applicable laws and may encompass verification of education and employment history, certifications, licenses, or similar professional credentials, obtaining references, standard criminal record checks, motor vehicle record (MVR) searches, credit history reviews, drug testing, and other pertinent inquiries. We reserve the right to assess these findings on an individual basis, in accordance with federal, state, and local regulations, and to make appropriate employment decisions based on the results of these screenings. Falsification of Information Any employee who falsifies information regarding their background during pre-employment or during employment may be subject to disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment. E-Verify Sigma is committed to maintaining a workforce that complies with the laws governing employment eligibility in the United States. As part of this commitment, we participate in the E-Verify program, which allows us to verify the employment eligibility of all new hires. E-Verify is an electronic system operated by the U.S. Department of Homeland Security (DHS) and the Social Security Administration (SSA). It compares information from an employee’s Form I-9, Employment Eligibility Verification, against federal government databases to confirm the employee's identity and employment eligibility. 

 Sigma Computing, Inc. 2025 Employee Handbook Page 21 rev072025 Upon accepting an offer of employment, all new hires at Sigma are required to complete Form I-9 and provide appropriate documentation to verify their identity and authorization to work in the United States. We use E-Verify to confirm the information provided on Form I-9. Sigma treats all information obtained through the E-Verify process with confidentiality and in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. We do not discriminate against individuals based on their citizenship status or national origin. Employees who are unable to resolve a discrepancy with SSA or DHS may be subject to termination of employment, consistent with federal law and our company policies. For more information about E-Verify, please visit the official website at www.e-verify.gov. Sigma’s Employment Practices Sigma believes that hiring the best people contributes to the overall success of the company - no employee is here by accident! To hire the most qualified candidates for positions, the company follows the following processes: Job Postings The recruiting team will create job postings that briefly describe the job opening and communicate the Sigma brand. Job openings will be posted at www.sigmacomputing.com/careers and will remain posted until the position is filled. The recruiting team is responsible for tracking all applicants and retaining applications and resumes as needed. Internal Applicants Current employees in good standing may apply for internal job openings. For employees under 1 year at Sigma, they will need the consent of their manager and the People Operations Team. For any open role, all applicants will be considered based on their qualifications and ability to perform the job successfully. Application Process: ● Interested employees must apply to the position through our Applicant Tracking system, Greenhouse. ● The application should include a resume. ● The recruiting team will review the application to ensure eligibility and forward it to the hiring manager of the relevant department. During the selection process, hiring managers will assess internal transfer applications based on the employee's qualifications, skills, and performance history. An interview may be conducted to further evaluate the employee's fit for the new role. The hiring manager will communicate the decision to the recruiting team. The recruiting team will notify the employee of the decision regarding the internal transfer request. If approved, the employee and relevant departments will coordinate the transition timeline. 

 Sigma Computing, Inc. 2025 Employee Handbook Page 22 rev072025 Terms and Conditions of an Internal Transfer are subject to the terms and conditions outlined in the employee's original employment agreement. Salary adjustments, if applicable, will be determined based on the salary structure of the new position and the employee's qualifications for the new role. Benefits and other terms of employment will remain consistent with company policies. Employment of Relatives Relatives of employees may be considered for employment by Sigma provided they do not work in a direct supervisory capacity over each other or in positions where a conflict of interest may arise. For this policy, “relative” includes spouses, registered domestic partners, children, siblings, parents, in-laws, and step-relatives. Current employees who marry or registers for domestic partnership may continue in their respective roles only if they do not supervise each other directly or hold positions that present a conflict of interest. Disclosure Requirement: Employees are required to disclose any referral relationship they have with individuals who recommends them for a position at Sigma. This includes relationships such as family members (spouse, Domestic partners, Kids), former colleagues, or acquaintances. Former Employees Former Sigma Employees who left in good standing are eligible to be considered for any open positions and will undergo the standard interview process. EMPLOYEE REFERRAL PROGRAM Sigma wants to recruit quality applicants and to do so encourages employees to refer qualified candidates to the Company. If a referred candidate is hired by Sigma, as a regular full-time employee, a referral bonus of $5,000.00 will be paid to the referring employee under the following terms and schedule: ● Referrals will be paid only if the original employment application is completed by the person making the referral and is submitted via Sigma’s Applicant Tracking system (ATS). ● The referring employee will be paid $5,000.00, less standard payroll deductions, after the referred candidate has been hired and completed three (3) months of service. Employee Referral program does not apply to: ● Senior management (VP and above) ● All members of the recruiting team ● Hiring managers for positions for which they are hiring for WORK SCHEDULE GUIDELINES The establishment of work guidelines helps to ensure that employees are available to perform their job duties and meet the needs of the business. Sigma’s core working business days are Monday through Friday. Sigma Employees are expected to work a minimum of 8 hours a day, not including designated breaks. 

 Sigma Computing, Inc. 2025 Employee Handbook Page 23 rev072025 Work Designation ● Office: You are working from a Sigma Facility 4 days a week which is measured over a rolling 4-week schedule ● Remote: You perform your duties outside of a traditional office setting. You are expected to be working from a non-Sigma facility outside of pre-planned meetups Attendance/Absence/Work from Home Punctuality and attendance are essential. Employees are expected to request time off in advance through Sigma’s Human Resource Information System (HRIS) and obtain their supervisor’s approval. Subject to business demands and other Company considerations, employees may have the flexibility to work from home when necessary. However, all employees are required to be physically present in the office at least four (4) days per week unless their role qualifies as remote or they have received explicit approval from their department manager, documented via email to peopleops@sigmacomputing.com. Employees planning to work remotely should notify their manager in advance. Employees may face disciplinary action, including termination, for poor attendance that adversely affects their job performance. The company adheres to legal protections for absences mandated by law and excludes them from consideration as poor attendance. Excessive absenteeism, falsifying information, or misusing leave laws will not be tolerated. Generally, if an employee fails to report to work without notifying their manager and the absence extends for three (3) consecutive days, Sigma may consider the employee to have voluntarily resigned or abandoned their position. Absences protected by local, state, and federal laws, including paid sick leave under applicable law, are not considered violations of the punctuality and attendance policy. 

 Sigma Computing, Inc. 2025 Employee Handbook Page 24 rev072025 ACCOMMODATIONS REASONABLE ACCOMMODATIONS To comply with applicable laws ensuring equal employment opportunities to qualified individuals with a disability, the Company will make reasonable accommodations for the known physical or mental limitations of an otherwise qualified individual with a disability who is an applicant or an employee unless undue hardship would result. Any job applicant or employee who requires an accommodation in order to perform the essential functions of the job should contact the People Operations team at peopleops@sigmacomputing.com and discuss the need for an accommodation. The Company will engage in an interactive process with the employee to identify possible accommodations, if any, that will help the applicant or employee perform the job. An applicant, employee or unpaid intern who requires accommodation of a religious belief or practice (including religious dress and grooming practices, such as religious clothing or hairstyles) should also contact the People Operations team and discuss the need for accommodation. If the accommodation is reasonable and will not impose an undue hardship, the Company will make the accommodation. Qualified individuals with disabilities will be treated in a non-discriminatory manner with respect to compensation, job assignments, classifications, organizational structures, leaves and absences and other terms and conditions of employment. The Company will not retaliate against employees for requesting a reasonable accommodation and will not knowingly tolerate or permit retaliation by management, employees or co-workers. VICTIM OF DOMESTIC & SEXUAL VIOLENCE Pursuant to California and New York law, employees who are victims of domestic violence, sexual assault, stalking, or similar crimes or abuse may take time off from work as described below. The Company prohibits discrimination or retaliation against an employee if they are the victim (or their family member is a victim) of domestic violence, sexual assault, or stalking, any other crime that causes physical injury or mental injury combined with a threat of physical injury, or any other crime which directly results in the death of an immediate family member of the employee and if the employee takes time off from work to attend to various matters associated with being a victim of such crimes as provided by law, including any of the following: • Seeking judicial assistance/legal protection, including obtaining a temporary restraining order, a restraining order or other court assistance or appearing in court to obtain relief; • Seeking medical attention for injuries caused by the crime or abuse; • Obtaining services from a shelter, program, crisis center, or victim services organization or agency as a result of the crime or abuse; • Obtaining psychological counseling related to an experience of crime or abuse; or Participating in safety planning and taking other action to increase safety from future domestic violence, sexual assault, stalking, or similar crimes, including temporary or permanent relocation. An employee wishing to take time off for these purposes must provide the Company with reasonable advance notice unless advance notice is not foreseeable. This leave will generally be unpaid. If an employee needs reasonable accommodation for their safety at work, contact the People Team 

 Sigma Computing, Inc. 2025 Employee Handbook Page 25 rev072025 to discuss the need for an accommodation. If an employee is requesting reasonable accommodation, they will need to submit a written statement signed by themselves, or by an individual acting on their behalf, certifying that the accommodation is for the purpose of the employee’s safety at work. Reasonable accommodations may include, but are not limited to, putting in locks, changing shifts or phone numbers, transferring or reassigning the employee, or help with keeping a record of what happened to the employee. For reasonable accommodation requests, the Company will also require certification demonstrating that an employee is the victim of crime and abuse. The Company may request recertification every six months. Please notify the Company if an approved accommodation is no longer needed. The Company will engage in an interactive process with the employee to identify possible accommodations, if any, that are effective and will make reasonable accommodations unless an undue hardship will result. The Company will, to the extent allowed by law, maintain the confidentiality of an employee requesting leave or accommodation under these provisions. The Company will not retaliate or discriminate against any employee who is a victim of a crime described under this policy and who exercises any right provided under this policy. Employees who have been subject to unlawful retaliation or discrimination can file a complaint with the California Labor Commissioner’s office. RELIGION The Company will offer Reasonable Accommodation to accommodate employees' religious beliefs, observances, and practices when such accommodation is necessary and feasible. Employees who encounter a conflict between job requirements and their religious beliefs, observances, or practices should notify the People team to initiate the Reasonable Accommodation request process. Requests for accommodation should be submitted in writing, and in the case of schedule adjustments, as much advance notice as possible should be provided. LACTATION ACCOMMODATIONS Sigma recognizes lactating employees’ rights to request lactation accommodation and accommodates lactating employees by providing a reasonable amount of break time and a suitable lactation location to any employee who desires to express breast milk for their infant child, subject to any exemption allowed under applicable law. The lactation location will be private (shielded from view and free from intrusion from co-workers and the public) and located close to the employee’s work area. The location will be safe, clean, and free of toxic or hazardous materials, have a surface to place a breast pump and other personal items, have a place to sit, and have access to electricity or alternative devices (including, but not limited to extension cords or charging stations) needed to operate an electric or battery-powered breast pump. Sigma will also provide access to a sink with running water and a refrigerator suitable for storing milk in close proximity to the employee’s workspace. If a refrigerator cannot be provided, Sigma will provide another cooling device suitable for storing milk, such as an employer-provided cooler. The lactation location will not be a bathroom or restroom. The room or location may include an employee's private office if it otherwise meets the requirements of the lactation space. Multi-purpose rooms may be used as lactation space if they satisfy the requirements for space; however, use of the room for lactation takes priority over other uses for the time it is in use for lactation purposes. 

 Sigma Computing, Inc. 2025 Employee Handbook Page 26 rev072025 Employees who desire lactation accommodations should contact the People Operations team at peopleoperations@sigmacomputing.com to request accommodations. An employee's request may be provided orally, by email, or in writing, and need not be submitted on a specific form. We will engage in an interactive process with the employee to determine when and where lactation breaks will occur. The Company will respond within five (5) business days of receiving the written request. In the event that two (2) or more individuals require the use of a lactation room at the same time, the individuals should contact the People Operations team at peopleoperations@sigmacomputing.com who will work with the involved parties to find an amicable solution. If we cannot provide break time or a location that complies with this policy, we will provide a written response to the employee's request. Sigma will not tolerate discrimination or retaliation against employees who exercise their rights to lactation accommodation, including those who request time to express milk at work and/or who lodge a complaint related to the right to lactation accommodation. If an employee believes they have been denied reasonable break time or adequate space to express milk or have otherwise been denied their rights related to lactation accommodation, the employee has the right to file a complaint with the Labor Commissioner. NON-RETALIATION The Company will not retaliate against an employee for requesting a Reasonable Accommodation. Likewise, any employee is strictly prohibited from discrimination or retaliation against any other employee who has requested an Accommodation. Employees or applicants for employment who have questions about this policy or who wish to request a Reasonable Accommodation under this policy should contact the People team. Managers, employees, and interviewers should bring any Reasonable Accommodation request to the People’s team attention, if needed. 

 Sigma Computing, Inc. 2025 Employee Handbook Page 27 rev072025 COMPENSATION & BENEFITS PAYROLL STANDARDS Sigma processes payroll on a regular bi-weekly (26 pay period) basis. The payroll schedule is available to all employees through our HRIS system, ADP, and posted on our Company’s Confluence page specifying the pay period end date and the corresponding payday. Any adjustments to the schedule due to holidays or other exceptional circumstances will be communicated in advance. Direct Deposit is available to all employees. An employee may choose to receive an electronic copy of their paycheck sub and/or a physical copy by selecting the appropriate option in our employee self-service portal, which is currently ADP. The Company recommends that all employees enroll in direct deposit to facilitate an efficient and secure method for payment. REQUIRED PAYROLL DEDUCTIONS The Company is legally required to apply certain deductions from every employee’s compensation. Among these deductions are applicable federal, state, and local income taxes, Social Security and Medicare tax and state disability insurance. Any supplemental wage payments (including but not limited to commissions, bonuses, stock option exercise income) are taxed at supplemental rates applicable to the type of payment and rates in effect at that time. ● Voluntary deductions for benefits such as health insurance, retirement plans, or other authorized contributions will be deducted as per the respective enrollment and contribution agreements. ● Employees will receive annual compensation statements detailing their total earnings, deductions, and net pay for the calendar year. These statements will be provided for tax reporting purposes and can be accessed electronically in ADP. ● Accurate and detailed records of compensation payments, deductions, and related information will be maintained by the HR and Finance departments. Employees can access their individual records as needed in ADP. ● In the event of any discrepancies or disputes regarding compensation payments, employees are encouraged to contact the Payroll Team immediately. ● This Employment Compensation Payment Policy is subject to all local, state, and federal laws and regulations governing compensation and payroll practices. ● Sigma does not permit advances against paychecks or against unaccrued vacation. WAGE & STANDARD HOURS Employment Classification We recognize three statuses: regular full-time, regular part-time and temporary (full-time/part-time). ● Regular Full-Time: Employees who work continuously for forty (40) or more hours per workweek ● Unless otherwise specified, the benefits described in this handbook apply only to full-time employees. 

 Sigma Computing, Inc. 2025 Employee Handbook Page 28 rev072025 ● Regular Part-Time: Employees who work continuously for less than thirty (30) hours per workweek ● Part-time employees may be assigned a work schedule in advance or may work on an as-needed basis. ● Unless otherwise specified, part-time employees are not eligible for employee benefits, except as required by law. ● Temporary: Employees who work for a limited period of time, generally no more than six (6) months to One (1) year. Employees are either classified as exempt or non-exempt according to the standards of the federal Fair Labor Standards Act (“FLSA”) and applicable state and local law. These criteria evaluate the type of work actually performed by the individual, authority level, compensation, and other factors. Non-exempt employees are eligible for overtime according to applicable federal and state wage and hour laws. Exempt employees are not eligible for overtime. EXEMPT EMPLOYEES Exempt employees are exempt from the minimum wage, overtime, and timekeeping provisions of the FLSA and applicable state law and may be compensated on a salary basis regardless of the number of hours worked. Exemption status is determined by the Company in accordance with applicable law, considering such factors as the salary level, the nature of the work, duties, and responsibilities. NON-EXEMPT EMPLOYEES Non-exempt employees are subject to (i.e., not exempt from) the minimum wage, overtime, and timekeeping provisions of the FLSA and applicable state law. Non-exempt employees must take meal and rest breaks, in accordance with the policies below, and must properly use the timekeeping system provided by the Company on a daily basis to record their time worked. INDEPENDENT CONTRACTORS/CONSULTANTS This classification applies to non-employee personnel who are retained by the Company (either directly or through an agency or firm) as independent contractors/consultants and are not eligible for benefits. INTERNS & TEMPORARY WORKERS Interns are provided the opportunity to work at the Company in conjunction with a formal education program. While the students work on projects related to Company’s business, the activities in which they are engaged are structured to address a finite, short-term project rather than an ongoing role or function for the Company. Therefore, while interns may work a full-time schedule for the finite duration of their internship, they are not equivalent to regular, full-time employees and do not qualify for the same benefits. Interns may be eligible for certain benefits per our plan documents and as required by law. For example, interns do not qualify for health benefits until they have worked full-time with the Company for 3 months, nor do they qualify for PTO. Similarly, temporary workers are engaged on projects that are short-term in nature or for a limited period of time. Temporary workers generally work for no more than six (6) months to one (1) year at Sigma and are eligible for company healthcare benefits. 

 Sigma Computing, Inc. 2025 Employee Handbook Page 29 rev072025 BENEFITS At Sigma, we are dedicated to providing employees with a rich and complete set of benefits, to the extent they are eligible for such benefits. A number of the programs (such as Social Security, workers’ compensation, state disability, and unemployment insurance) cover all employees in the manner prescribed by law. Other benefit programs require contributions from employees, while others still are fully paid by the Company. Details of many of these programs can be found in the summary plan descriptions and underlying plan documents. In case of any discrepancy between the information provided in this Handbook and the plan documents, the plan documents govern. Questions about any of the benefits offered by the Company should be directed to People Operations by emailing PeopleOps@sigmacomputing.com. The following sections describe the benefits offered to Company employees as of the issuance date of this Handbook. The Company will periodically review the benefits available to employees and make modifications as appropriate. The Company reserves the right to modify, add or delete the benefits it offers at any time, with or without advance notice. Medical Plans ● Kaiser HMO (Nor/SoCal) ● Anthem HMO 15 (Nor/SoCal) ● Anthem PPO 150 ($20k Infertility) ● Anthem Blue Cross PP0 250 90/70 ● Anthem Blue Cross PPO 550 ● Anthem Blue Cross HDHP 3200 Health Savings Account (HSA) HSAs (available to employees who have opted for the Anthem Blue Cross HDHP 3200 plan) allow employees to set aside pre-tax contributions to help cover qualified healthcare expenses. Unused HSA funds roll over from year to year and are portable for the employees to keep regardless of their employer or insurance carrier. Sigma will also contribute $100 per month for an employee-only HSA account or $150 per month for a family HSA account. The HSA benefit is managed by Sigma’s third party benefits administrator. Flexible Spending Account (FSA) With an FSA, employees can set aside pre-tax contributions for qualified medical expenses. Keep in mind that the election is binding for the plan year and cannot be adjusted unless the employee experiences a Qualified Life Event (QLE). This plan includes a $640 carryover provision that allows employees to carryover up to $640 of unused FSA funds at the end of the plan year. Any unused funds in excess of $640 will be forfeited after the plan year ends. The FSA plan year runs on a calendar year (1/1 to 12/31) and does not necessarily coincide with the benefit plan year. The FSA benefit is managed by Sigma’s third-party benefits administrator. Dependent Care FSA 

 Sigma Computing, Inc. 2025 Employee Handbook Page 30 rev072025 With a Dependent Care FSA, employees can set aside pre-tax funds to cover qualified dependent care expenses for children under age 13 and adult IRS dependents incapable of self-care. The Dependent Care FSA runs on a calendar year (1/1-12/31) and does not necessarily coincide with the benefit plan year. The FSA benefit is managed by Sigma’s third-party benefits administrator. Dental Dental benefits are offered through Guardian including a Standard plan or a Premier plan. Vision Vision benefits are offered through Guardian. All premiums for employees are covered by Sigma. Life/AD&D Basic Life Insurance and Accidental Death & Dismemberment (AD&D) coverage is administered by Guardian. Full-time employees do not have the option to waive this benefit. Voluntary Life and AD&D This plan allows employees to elect additional life and AD&D coverage for themselves and their dependents. The plan is administered by Guardian. DISABILITY INSURANCE Short-Term Disability (STD) STD provides employees with short-term income replacement for an off-the-job injury or illness that affects their ability to perform their normal job duties. The STD benefit is equal to 60% of the employees weekly earnings up to a maximum of $2,500 per week. Provided employees remain medically disabled from working, STD will continue for up to a maximum of 12 weeks. STD is offered to all full-time employees. Long-Term Disability (LTD) LTD provides employees with income replacement for long-term disabilities resulting from an off-the-job injury or illness that affects their ability to perform their normal job duties. The LTD benefit is equal to 60% of the employee’s monthly salary up to a maximum of $12,000 per month. A 90-day waiting period from the beginning of their injury/illness applies before they become eligible for this benefit. LTD is offered to all full-time employees. Additional Benefits Sigma also offers several additional benefits including Employee Assistance Program, Hospital Indemnity, Accident, and Critical Illness. 401K Sigma employees have the opportunity to enroll in the 401k savings plan, which is managed by ADP. As a default, employees are automatically enrolled in the standard 401k plan at a 4% contribution 

 Sigma Computing, Inc. 2025 Employee Handbook Page 31 rev072025 level but have the ability to change their contribution level or opt out. ADDITIONAL PERKS Sigma is committed to an in-office working environment for our team - we passionately believe that being together every day makes us better, faster, more innovative and more collaborative. We are also committed to providing our employees with the best office experience possible, and so, have created a number of benefits for those employees working out of our SF and NYC offices. Here is a list of the current programs: ● Commuter Stipend of $200 per month ● Last Mile program in partnership with Unagi Scooters ● Dog Friendly offices, with dog walking services made available ● Lunch Program ● Fitness Benefit REMOTE EMPLOYEE PERKS While Sigma is committed to an in-office experience for our team, we recognize that a small number of employees need to be remote to be successful in their roles. Remote employees are entitled to the following perks: ● Home Office Allowances: To support the creation of an ergonomic and efficient workspace, eligible remote employees may receive a one-time home office allowance of $300. This allowance can be used for the purchase of office furniture, equipment, and supplies necessary for a remote work setup. ● Internet Reimbursement: Employees who work remotely are eligible for a monthly reimbursement of $50 a month to cover a portion of their internet expenses. This reimbursement will be based on the submission of a valid receipt or invoice. ● Cell Phone reimbursement: Employees who work remotely are eligible for a monthly reimbursement of $70 a month to cover a portion of their cell phone expenses. This reimbursement will be based on the submission of a valid receipt or invoice. To request reimbursements for eligible expenses, remote employees must submit an expense report through Sigma’s expense management system. Include all necessary receipts, invoices, and documentation related to the expenses being claimed. Expense reports will be reviewed and approved by the employee’s manager. Once approved, the Finance team will ensure that expenses align with company policies and are necessary for the employee's remote work. Approved reimbursements will be processed in the next available payroll cycle. By adhering to this Remote Employee Perks and Reimbursement Policy, we aim to support a flexible and productive work environment for our employees. CELL PHONE STIPEND POLICY Sigma recognizes the integral role that mobile communication plays in the effective performance of 

 Sigma Computing, Inc. 2025 Employee Handbook Page 32 rev072025 certain job responsibilities. In support of this, the company may provide cell phone stipends to eligible employees to assist in covering the costs associated with business-related mobile communication. This policy applies to employees who meet the criteria outlined in the eligibility section below and who are required to use personal cell phones for work-related purposes. Specific employees, who are eligible for a cell phone stipend, are those whose job responsibilities require regular and essential use of personal cell phones for business communication, and for whom the provision of a company-owned device is not deemed practical or necessary (the Recruiting Team, Commercial Account Executives and Regional Sales Managers). The stipend amount is a fixed monthly amount of $70.00. The stipend is intended to offset a portion of the costs associated with business-related cell phone usage. Employees eligible for a cell phone stipend must submit a monthly reimbursement request using Expensify. The request should include an itemized cell phone bill. Employees are responsible for maintaining a functioning and suitable cell phone for business use. Any costs associated with device purchase, maintenance, or upgrades are the responsibility of the employee. The cell phone stipend may be terminated or adjusted at the discretion of the company based on changes in job responsibilities, business needs, or other relevant factors. Employees receiving a cell phone stipend must comply with all company policies related to the use of technology, data security, and confidentiality. 

 Sigma Computing, Inc. 2025 Employee Handbook Page 33 rev072025 TIME OFF SIGMA OBSERVED HOLIDAYS Sigma Computing, Inc. observes the following paid holidays: ● New Year’s Day, 1st of January ● Martin Luther King Jr. Day, Third Monday of January ● Presidents Day, Third Monday of February ● Memorial Day, Last Monday of May ● Juneteenth, 19th of June ● Independence Day, 4th of July ● Labor Day, First Monday of September ● Thanksgiving, Fourth Thursday of November ● Day after Thanksgiving ● Christmas, 25th of December When a holiday falls on a Saturday or Sunday, it is usually observed on the preceding Friday or the following Monday. However, Sigma may grant another day off in lieu of closing. Holiday observance will be announced in advance. Holidays during an unpaid leave of absence will not be paid. FLEXIBLE TIME OFF POLICY This policy outlines the guidelines for taking flexible time off, aiming to provide employees with the opportunity to balance their work and personal lives while maintaining productivity and business needs. Eligibility All full-time, part-time and temporary workers (with approval) are eligible for flexible time off. Accrual and Entitlement ● Flexible time off does not accrue but is granted as needed and approved ● There are no set limits on the number of days an employee can take, provided their absence does not negatively impact their work or the team’s performance. PTO NOTICE & APPROVAL You are required to provide your supervisor with reasonable advance notice (minimum 2 weeks) and obtain your manager’s approval prior to using PTO. Approval for PTO request is at the discretion of your manager and will depend on the specific circumstances related to the employee’s job duties, deadlines, and workloads during the requested PTO dates. To provide your manager with maximum ability to accommodate the request, you are encouraged to submit your PTO request early. This allows for you and your manager sufficient time to prepare for your absence and assure all staffing needs are met. 

 Sigma Computing, Inc. 2025 Employee Handbook Page 34 rev072025 Sigma reserves the right to approve or deny employee’s PTO requests based on business necessity. In the event you and another employee select the same time for your PTO and both of you cannot be off at the same time due to business needs, the date of the submission will be the determining factor in which PTO request is approved. All PTO requests must be submitted through Sigma’s Human Resource Information System (HRIS), ADP WorkforceNow for consideration. Please note, because vacation time is not earned or accrued under this Policy, there is no “unused” vacation to be carried over from year to year or to be paid out upon termination of employment. PAID SICK TIME POLICY Regular full-time employees are eligible for eighty (80) hours of Paid Sick Time per calendar year, and regular part-time employees are eligible for forty (40) hours of paid sick time per calendar year ,which are front-loaded at the beginning of each calendar year. Unused sick time will not carry over from year to year and will not be paid out on termination of employment. For regular employees who join Sigma during the year, Paid Sick Time per employment type (full-time-Part-time) is prorated based on the employee’s start date within the calendar year; the pro-rated balance will be “front-loaded” into the employee’s ADP profile after their start date. Temporary employees will accrue 1 hour for every 30 hours worked. Unused sick time will not be paid out upon termination of employment. Employees may use paid sick time benefits for (a) the employee’s own illness or injury or to aid or care for the employee’s ill or injured family member; (b) to seek care, treatment or diagnosis for the employee or the employee’s family member; (c) for preventative care for the employee or the employee’s family member; and (d) any other purpose as permitted by applicable law. An employee who is (or who has a family member who is) a victim of domestic violence, sexual assault or stalking may also use paid sick time benefits for the purposes of obtaining injunctive relief, shelter or crisis center services, psychological counseling, to participate in safety planning, or to seek other relief to help ensure the health, safety or welfare of the employee or the employee’s child, including relocation. Employees may also use paid time off for purposes related to bone marrow and organ donation. For the purposes of this Sick Time Policy, “family members” include the employee’s spouse, child, parent, registered domestic partner, child of a registered domestic partner, parent-in-law, grandparent, grandchild and sibling. For parent-child relationships, there is no age or dependency requirement, and adoptive, foster, “step,” legal ward or guardianship, and corresponding parent-in-law relationships are included. Parent-child relationships also include in loco parentis relationships. Parent-in-law relationships include parents of a registered domestic partner. “Family members” also includes any “designated person” specified by an employee at the time the employee requests to use paid sick leave, provided that an employee may only designate one person per 12-month period. Paid sick time must be taken in increments of at least one (1) hour, unless otherwise required by applicable law. Employees must provide advance notification to their supervisor if use of paid sick time is foreseeable. If use is unforeseeable, employees must provide notification to their supervisor as soon as practicable. The Company may require a medical certification for sick time in certain circumstances if it deems it necessary and appropriate. If the leave is taken to care for a family member 

 Sigma Computing, Inc. 2025 Employee Handbook Page 35 rev072025 or designated person, documentation of the employee’s relationship to the other individual may also be required. Paid sick time benefits will be calculated at the employee’s regular rate of pay as of the time sick time is taken. Nonexempt employees are expected to record sick leave in the time and attendance system. Paid sick time is not included in an employee’s overtime pay calculation. Consistent with applicable law, the Company will not retaliate or discriminate against an employee for taking paid sick time for the purposes outlined in this Policy or applicable law. This Policy is intended to comply with all state and local government paid sick leave laws. DOCUMENTATION REQUIREMENT If an employee is absent for more than three (3) consecutive workdays due to illness, they are required to provide documentation from a healthcare provider. The documentation must include: ● The date of the employee was seen ● Confirmation the employee was seen and treated ● An assessment of the employee’s ability to return to work, including any work restrictions or accommodations needed ● The expected return to work, if applicable JURY DUTY Sigma supports employees in fulfilling their civic responsibilities. The company grants leave to eligible employees summoned to serve as jurors or appear as witnesses in judicial proceedings under a subpoena or court order. Employees should notify their manager via email and provide a copy of the summons, copying the People Team at Peopleops@Sigmacomputing.com for record-keeping purposes. If selected to serve as a juror, employees must promptly inform their manager and the People Team. They are required to submit documentation of their jury service to the People Team. TIME OFF TO VOTE The Company encourages all employees to participate in the democratic process by voting in local, state, and federal elections. We recognize the importance of exercising this fundamental right and civic responsibility. To ensure all employees have the opportunity to vote, The Company will provide reasonable time off to vote for employees who do not have sufficient time outside of working hours to vote. This time off will be granted upon request and scheduled in a manner that minimally disrupts business operations. Employees are encouraged to communicate with their supervisor in advance to arrange time off for voting. The Company values civic engagement and encourages all eligible employees to take advantage of this opportunity to make their voices heard. 

 Sigma Computing, Inc. 2025 Employee Handbook Page 36 rev072025 LEAVES LEAVE OF ABSENCE STANDARDS The company adheres to all federal, state, and local regulations concerning leave programs and offers additional leave options under specific conditions. These additional leaves provide time off from work beyond our flexible time off, sick leave, and holidays. We have a set of general policies covering these leaves, which are detailed below. Additional leave options may also be available to employees based on applicable laws. For further information, employees should reach out to the People team. EXPECTATIONS Before taking leave, an employee must inform their manager and the People team about any planned absences. Once the employee has discussed their leave with both their manager and the People team, the employee should submit their leave dates through Sigma’s leave management platform for review and consideration. Documentation proof will be required when submitting a leave request. During approved leaves, employees must maintain reasonable contact with the People team regarding their anticipated return-to-work dates. For applicable leaves, the Company requires a healthcare provider’s note to be submitted at least forty-eight (48) business hours prior to the anticipated return date. This note must indicate whether the employee is fully cleared to return to work or specify any restrictions. If restrictions are indicated, the Company will review and possibly initiate an interactive process to determine if and how these restrictions can be accommodated, and for what duration. The Company also reserves the right to request a healthcare provider’s note for other return-to-work situations not associated with a leave. For instance, if an employee is sick for three (3) or more consecutive days or has been injured, we may request supporting documentation to confirm the employee can safely return to work. This may include a fitness-for-duty exam. Failure to return to work after leave by an employee will be considered as voluntary resignation. BENEFITS Employees on Paid Leave will remain on Sigma's payroll, and their benefits will continue without interruptions. If an employee transitions to an Unpaid Leave, and the employee has an out-of-pocket premium cost to their plan, there will be no payroll earnings from which to deduct the employee’s portion of health benefits costs. In such cases, Sigma will cover the employee’s cost while the employee is on leave, with the expectation of repayment. The company uses a rolling forward period for the purpose of evaluating leave eligibility. For example, under this method, the twelve (12) month period is measured forward, which means the 12-month period will begin on the first date of the FMLA leave. As business needs evolve, the Company will strive to reinstate an employee to a comparable position with similar job duties and compensation upon their return from an approved job-protected leave, in compliance with applicable federal and state laws. However, the Company cannot guarantee a return to the exact role held before the leave. 

 Sigma Computing, Inc. 2025 Employee Handbook Page 37 rev072025 PAID PRENATAL LEAVE Consistent with the New York Paid Prenatal Leave (PPL), any employee (including full-time and part-time employees) domiciled in New York may take 20 hours paid leave for pregnancy-related healthcare —in addition existing sick leave entitlements under state law and Sigma’s PTO policy. 20 hours of PPL is available every 52 weeks and can be used immediately upon hire. PPL does not require accrual and is separate from sick, vacation, or other leave. PPL can be used in hourly increments, with a minimum of one hour per day. Each 52-week PPL period begins the first date you use it and renews 52 weeks after that date. This benefit is specifically available to all employees (including full and part time employees) receiving care for their own pregnancy, including fertility treatments, prenatal checkups, and related medical appointments. If you are not the individual receiving care (e.g., a partner attending an appointment), this leave does not apply. However, if you are the partner of a birthing person and need to attend prenatal appointments, you may use PTO for that purpose. Sigma will not ask for medical details about a birthing person’s care or require documentation. Employees will be able to review any PPL time used and their remaining balance on their pay stub. While this policy is unique to New York residents, Sigma’s unlimited PTO policy may be used for the same types of needs regardless of the state you live in. If an employee is not a New York resident and is receiving prenatal or fertility-related care or needs time for appointments related to their health and wellbeing during pregnancy, Sigma encourages such individuals to take that time. Employees should contact their manager or HRBP if support, flexibility, or help navigating scheduling is needed. FAMILY AND MEDICAL LEAVE The Company will grant family and medical leave in accordance with the requirements of applicable federal and state law in effect at the time the leave is granted. Employees working in California are eligible for family and medical leave under the California Family Rights Act (CFRA). Although the federal and state laws have different names, the Company refers to the federal Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA) and CFRA collectively as “FMLA Leave” throughout this policy. In any case, employees working in states with leave laws in place, such as California, will be eligible for the most generous benefits required under applicable law. Employees working in states where leave laws are not in place will be eligible for federal FMLA leave. Employee Eligibility To be eligible for FMLA Leave, employees must: 1. Be employed by the Company for a total of at least twelve (12) months (not necessarily consecutive). 2. Have worked at least 1,250 hours during the previous twelve (12) months immediately prior to the start of the leave. Whether an employee has worked the minimum 1,250 hours of service is determined according to FLSA principles for determining compensable hours or work. 3. Have worked at a location where at least fifty (50) employees are employed by the 

 Sigma Computing, Inc. 2025 Employee Handbook Page 38 rev072025 4. Company within seventy-five (75) miles of the employee’s worksite, as of the date the leave is requested. This requirement applies to Federal FMLA only. (An employee who works in a remote part of the country—even if they’re the only employee in that state or if they never set foot in the worksite—can be eligible for job-protected FMLA leave if they report into or receive assignments from a qualifying worksite.) Eligibility requirements may differ for employees who have been on a protected military leave of absence. Employees should contact the People team if they are unsure whether they qualify for FMLA Leave. To be eligible for Sigma’s Paid Leave an employee must: 1. Be a full-time Employee 2. Be employed for a minimum of 6 months Reasons for Leave Federal and state laws allow FMLA Leave for various reasons. Because an employee’s legal rights and obligations may vary depending upon the reason for the FMLA Leave, it is important to identify the purpose or reason for the leave. Federal FMLA leave and CFRA leave run concurrently except for the following reasons: ● To care for a child without regard to age or dependency status, registered domestic partner, child of a registered domestic partner, grandparent, grandchild, parent-in-law, or sibling (CFRA only) ● Incapacity due to pregnancy or prenatal care as a serious health condition (FMLA only) ● Qualifying exigency (urgent) leave as defined under the FMLA (FMLA only) or under the ● CFRA (CFRA only) (see “Qualifying Exigency Leave Requirements” in the Definitions section) ● Military caregiver leave (FMLA only). Additionally, CFRA coverage for an employee’s own serious health condition that also constitutes a disability under California’s Fair Employment and Housing Act (FEHA) is separate and distinct from FEHA protections for California employees. If the employee cannot return to work at the expiration of the CFRA leave, then the Company will work with the employee to determine whether an extension of the leave would be a reasonable accommodation under the FEHA. FMLA Leave may be used for the following reasons: ● The birth, adoption, or foster care of an employee’s child within twelve (12) months following birth or placement of the child (Bonding Leave) ● To care for an immediate family member (spouse, child, parent and, for CFRA leave only: registered domestic partner, child of a registered domestic partner, grandparent, grandchild, parent-in-law or sibling) with a serious health condition (Family Care Leave) ● An employee’s inability to work because of a serious health condition (Serious Health Condition Leave) ● A “qualifying exigency,” as defined under the federal FMLA, arising from a spouse’s, child’s or parent’s “covered active duty” as a member of the military reserves, National ● Guard or Armed Forces or as defined under the CFRA, related to the covered active duty or call to covered active duty of an employee’s spouse, domestic partner, child or parent in the 

 Sigma Computing, Inc. 2025 Employee Handbook Page 39 rev072025 Armed Forces of the United States (Qualifying Exigency Leave—see “Qualifying Exigency” in the Definitions section below) ● To care for a spouse, child, parent or next of kin (nearest blood relative) who is a “Covered Servicemember” (Military Caregiver Leave) Definitions ● Child – for purposes of Bonding Leave and Family Care Leave, means a biological, adopted or foster child, a stepchild, a legal ward, or a child of a person standing in loco parentis, a child of a domestic partner (CFRA-only), and, for federal FMLA only, who is either under age eighteen (18), or age eighteen 18) or older and incapable of self-care because of a mental or physical disability at the time that FMLA Leave is to commence. “Child,” for purposes of Qualifying Exigency Leave and Military Caregiver Leave, means a biological, adopted or foster child, stepchild, legal ward, or a child for whom the person stood in loco parentis, and who is of any age. ● Parent – for purposes of this policy, means a biological, adoptive, step or foster parent, legal guardian, or any other individual who stood in loco parentis to the employee when the employee was a child. This term includes a parent-in-law for CFRA leave only. For Qualifying Exigency Leave taken to provide care to a parent of a deployed military member, the parent must be incapable of self-care as defined by the FMLA. ● Covered Active Duty – means (1) in the case of a member of a regular component of the Armed Forces, duty during the deployment of the member with the Armed Forces to a foreign country; and (2) in the case of a member of a reserve component of the Armed Forces, duty during the deployment of the member with the Armed Forces to a foreign country under a call or order to active duty (or notification of an impending call or order to active duty) in support of a contingency operation as defined by applicable law. ● Covered Service Member – means (1) a member of the Armed Forces, including a member of a reserve component of the Armed Forces, who is undergoing medical treatment, recuperation or therapy, is otherwise in outpatient status, or is otherwise on the temporary disability retired list, for a serious injury or illness incurred or aggravated in the line of duty while on active duty that may render the individual medically unfit to perform their military duties, or (2) a person who, during the five (5) years prior to the treatment necessitating the leave, served in the active military, Naval or Air Service, and who was discharged or released under conditions other than dishonorable (a “veteran as defined by the Department of Veteran Affairs), and who has a qualifying injury or illness incurred or aggravated in the line of duty while on active duty that manifested itself before or after the member became a veteran. For purposes of determining the five-year period for covered veteran status, the period between October 28, 2009, and March 8, 2013, is excluded. ● Spouse – means a husband or wife. Husband or wife refers to the other person with whom an individual entered into marriage as defined or recognized under state law in the state in which the marriage was entered into or, in the case of a marriage entered into outside of any state, if the marriage is valid in the place where entered into and could have been entered into in at least one state. This definition includes an individual in a same-sex or common law marriage that either (1) was entered into in a state that recognizes such marriages, or (2) if entered into outside of any state, is valid in the place where entered into and could have been entered into 

 Sigma Computing, Inc. 2025 Employee Handbook Page 40 rev072025 in at least one state. For purposes of CFRA leave, a spouse includes a registered domestic partner or a same-sex partner in marriage. ● Sibling – for purposes of CFRA leave, a person related to another person by blood, adoption, or affinity through a common legal or biological parent. ● Key Employee – means a salaried FMLA-eligible employee who is among the highest paid ten (10) percent of all the employees employed by the employer within seventy-five (75) miles of the employee’s worksite at the time of the federal FMLA leave request. ● Serious Health Condition – means an illness, injury, impairment, or physical or mental condition that involves either: o Inpatient care (including, but not limited to, substance abuse treatment) in a hospital, hospice or residential medical care facility, including any period of incapacity (that is, inability to work, attend school, or perform other regular daily activities) or any subsequent treatment in connection with this inpatient care. o Continuing treatment (including, but not limited to, substance abuse treatment) by a health care provider that includes one or more of the following: ● A period of incapacity (that is, inability to work, attend school, or perform other regular daily activities due to a serious health condition, its treatment or the recovery that it requires) of more than three (3) consecutive calendar days, and any subsequent treatment or period of incapacity relating to the same condition, that also involves treatment two (2) or more times via an in-person visit to a healthcare provider, or at least one (1) visit to a health care provider that results in a regimen of continuing treatment under the supervision of the healthcare provider. ● Any period of incapacity due to pregnancy or prenatal care (under the FMLA, but not the CFRA). ● Any period of incapacity or treatment for incapacity due to a chronic serious health condition that requires periodic visits to a healthcare provider, continues over an extended period of time, and may cause episodic incapacity. ● A period of incapacity that is permanent or long-term due to a condition for which treatment may not be effective, such as Alzheimer’s, severe stroke, and the terminal stages of a disease. ● Any period of absence to receive multiple treatments (including any period of recovery) by a healthcare provider either for (a) restorative surgery after an accident or other injury, or (b) a condition that would likely result in a period of incapacity of more than three (3) consecutive calendar days in the absence of medical intervention or treatment. ● Serious Injury or Illness – in the case of a current member of the Armed Forces, National Guard, or Reserves is an injury or illness incurred by a covered servicemember in the line of duty on active duty (or that preexisted the member’s active duty and was aggravated by service in the line of duty on active duty) in the Armed Forces that may render them medically unfit to perform the duties of their office, grade, rank, or rating. In the case of a covered veteran, “Serious Injury or Illness” means an injury or illness that was incurred in the line of duty on active duty (or existed before the beginning of the member’s active duty and was aggravated by service in line of duty on active duty) and that manifested itself before or after the member became a veteran. 

 Sigma Computing, Inc. 2025 Employee Handbook Page 41 rev072025 ● Qualifying Exigency – for the FMLA is defined by the Department of Labor and for the CFRA is defined by the California Unemployment Insurance Code, and generally includes events related to short-notice deployment, military ceremonies, support and assistance programs, changes in childcare, school activities, financial and legal arrangements, counseling, and post-deployment activities. Qualifying Exigency Leave may also be used to spend up to fifteen (15) days with military members who are on short-term, temporary, rest and recuperation leave during their period of deployment. LENGTH OF LEAVE If the reason for leave is common to both the FMLA and CFRA and, therefore, running concurrently, then the maximum amount of FMLA Leave will be twelve (12) workweeks in any twelve (12)-month period. If the reason for leave is not common to both the FMLA and CFRA and, therefore, not running concurrently, then an eligible employee may be entitled to additional leave under applicable law. The company uses a rolling forward period for the purpose of evaluating leave eligibility. Under this method, the twelve (12) – month period is measured forward, which means the 12-month period will begin on the first date of the FMLA leave. The maximum amount of federal FMLA leave for an employee wanting to take Military Caregiver Leave will be a combined leave total of twenty-six (26) workweeks in a single twelve (12)-month period. A “single twelve (12)-month period” begins on the date of the employee’s first use of such leave and ends twelve (12) months after that date. If both spouses work for the Company and are eligible for leave under this policy, under the federal FMLA, then the spouses will be limited to a total of twenty-six (26) workweeks off between the two when the leave is for Military Caregiver Leave only, or is for a combination of Military Caregiver Leave, Bonding Leave, and/or Family Care Leave taken to care for a parent. The spouses will also be limited under the FMLA to a total of twelve (12) workweeks when the leave is for Bonding Leave or to care for a parent using Family Care Leave. When CFRA leave is for the birth or placement of a child and both parents work for the Company, then they will each be allowed up to twelve (12) weeks of CFRA leave within twelve (12) months of the child’s birth or placement. To the extent required by law, leave beyond an employee’s FMLA Leave entitlement may continue or be granted when the leave is necessitated by an employee’s work-related injury or illness, a pregnancy-related disability, or a “disability” as defined under the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) and/or applicable state or local law. Certain restrictions on these benefits may apply. INTERMITTENT OR REDUCED SCHEDULE LEAVE Under some circumstances, employees may take FMLA Leave intermittently, which means taking leave in blocks of time or reducing the employee’s normal weekly or daily work schedule. An employee may take leave intermittently or on a reduced schedule whenever it is medically necessary to care for the employee’s child, parent, or spouse with a serious health condition, or because the employee has a serious health condition. The medical necessity of the leave must be determined by the healthcare provider of the person with the serious health condition. 

 Sigma Computing, Inc. 2025 Employee Handbook Page 42 rev072025 Intermittent or reduced schedule leave may also be taken for absences where the employee or an employee’s family member is incapacitated or unable to perform the essential functions of the job because of a chronic serious health condition, even if the person does not receive treatment by a healthcare provider. Leave due to military exigencies may also be taken on an intermittent basis. Leave taken intermittently may be taken in increments of no less than one (1) hour. Employees who take leave intermittently or on a reduced work schedule basis for planned medical treatment must make a reasonable effort to schedule the leave so as not to unduly disrupt the Company’s operations. Please contact the People team prior to scheduling medical treatment. If FMLA Leave is taken intermittently or on a reduced schedule basis due to planned medical treatment, then the Company may require employees to transfer temporarily to an available alternative position with an equivalent pay rate and benefits, including a part-time position, to better accommodate recurring periods of leave. If an employee using intermittent leave or working a reduced schedule finds it physically impossible to start or stop work mid-way through a shift in order to take CFRA leave and is therefore forced to be absent for the entire shift, then the entire period will be counted against the employee’s CFRA entitlement. However, if there are other aspects of work that the employee is able to perform that are not physically impossible, then the employee will be permitted to return to work, thereby reducing the amount of time to be charged to the employee’s CFRA entitlement. If an employee has been approved for intermittent leave and they request leave time that is unforeseeable, then they must specifically reference either the qualifying reason for leave or the need for FMLA Leave at the time they call off. Notice of Certification As required for all leaves, employees must submit the documentation to Leave Management for review and consideration. The Company reserves the right to review all documents for authenticity. ● Employees are required to provide the following as related to any Bonding, Family Care, Serious Health Condition, and Military Caregiver leaves of absence: ● When the need for the leave is foreseeable, thirty (30) days advance notice or such notice as is both possible and practical if the leave must begin in fewer than thirty (30) days (normally this would be the same day the employee becomes aware of the need for leave or the next business day) ● When the need for leave is not foreseeable, notice within the time prescribed by the Company’s normal absence reporting policy, unless unusual circumstances prevent compliance, in which case notice is required as soon as is otherwise possible and practical ● When the leave relates to medical issues, a completed Certification of Healthcare Provider form within fifteen (15) calendar days after the date of notification (for Military Caregiver Leave, an invitational travel order or invitational travel authorization may be submitted in lieu of a Certification of Healthcare Provider form) ● Periodic recertification (as allowed by law) ● Periodic reports during the leave 

 Sigma Computing, Inc. 2025 Employee Handbook Page 43 rev072025 In addition to other notice provisions, employees requesting leave for CFRA-qualifying reasons must respond to any questions designed to determine whether an absence is potentially qualifying for leave under this policy. Failure to respond to permissible inquiries regarding the leave request may result in the denial of CFRA protections. Similarly, an employee or the employee’s spokesperson may be required to provide additional information needed to determine whether a requested leave qualifies for federal FMLA protections. An employee’s failure to adequately explain the reason for the leave may result in the denial of FMLA Protections. Certification forms are available on our Leave Management platform. At the Company’s expense, the Company may require a second or third medical opinion regarding the employee’s own serious health condition. Recertification After Grant of Leave In addition to the requirements listed above, if an employee’s federal FMLA leave is certified, then the Company may later require medical recertification in connection with an absence that the employee reports as qualifying for federal FMLA leave. For example, the Company may request recertification if: 1. The employee requests an extension of leave 2. The circumstances of the employee’s condition as described by the previous certification change significantly (e.g., employee absences deviate from the duration or frequency set forth in the previous certification or employee’s condition becomes more severe than indicated in the original certification or employee encounters complications) 3. The Company receives information that casts doubt upon the employee’s stated reason for the absence. In addition, the Company may request recertification in connection with an absence after six (6) months have passed since the employee’s original certification, regardless of the estimated duration of the serious health condition necessitating the need for leave. Any recertification requested by the Company will be at the employee’s expense. Furthermore, a recertification under the CFRA may only be requested at the expiration of the time period in the original certification for time off for the employee’s own serious health condition. Prior to being allowed to return to work, an employee wishing to return from a Serious Health Condition Leave must submit an acceptable release from a health care provider that certifies the employee is able to resume work. For an employee on intermittent or a reduced schedule FMLA Leave, such a release may be required up to once every thirty (30) days if reasonable safety concerns exist regarding the employee’s ability to perform their duties, based on the serious health condition for which the employee took the intermittent or reduced schedule leave. For federal FMLA purposes only, key employees may be subject to reinstatement limitations in some circumstances. If employees are considered “key employees,” then those employees will be notified of the possible limitations on reinstatement at the time the employee requests a leave of absence, or when leave begins, if earlier. Failure to Provide Notice or Certification and to Return from Leave If an employee does not produce the recertification as requested, then the leave will not be CFRA protected. 

 Sigma Computing, Inc. 2025 Employee Handbook Page 44 rev072025 Absent due to unusual circumstances, and failure to comply with these notice and certification requirements may result in a delay or denial of the leave. If an employee fails to return to work at the leave’s expiration and has not obtained an extension of the leave, then the Company may presume that the employee does not plan to return to work and has voluntarily terminated their employment. Compensation During Leave Generally, FMLA/CRFA Leave is unpaid. However, employees may be eligible to receive supplemental income replacement provided by the Company, State or STD/LTD. Specifically, Employees who are on Medical Leave; Sigma will provide 100% of pay for 4 weeks inclusive of any income from Guardian disability or the state. Any additional time, if approved, is paid by Guardian disability and/or the state where applicable. Employees may also choose to use Paid Sick Time (PST) to the extent permitted by law and the Company’s policy. Confidentiality Documents relating to medical certifications, recertifications, or medical histories of employees or employees’ family members will be maintained separately and treated as confidential medical records, except that in some legally recognized circumstances, the records (or information in them) may be disclosed to managers, first aid and safety personnel, or government officials. Fraudulent Use of FMLA Leave An employee who fraudulently obtains FMLA Leave from the Company is not protected by the FMLA or the CFRA job restoration or maintenance of health benefits provisions. In addition, the Company will take all available appropriate disciplinary action against an employee due to such fraud. Non-Discrimination The Company takes its FMLA Leave obligations very seriously and will not interfere with, restrain, or deny the exercise of any rights provided by the FMLA or the CFRA. The Company will not terminate or discriminate against any individual for opposing any practice or because of involvement in any proceeding related to the FMLA or CFRA. If an employee believes that their FMLA or CFRA rights have been violated in any way, then the employee should immediately report the matter to the People team. Additional Documentation The Company’s “Employee Rights and Responsibilities” notice provides additional details regarding employees’ rights and responsibilities under the federal FMLA. Employees may obtain a copy of the “Employee Rights and Responsibilities” notice from the Sigma’s Leave Management System. Employees should contact Sigma’s Leave Management System or the Company’s People team with any FMLA or CFRA questions they may have. PARENTAL LEAVE POLICY The Company acknowledges the importance of supporting our employees through different life stages, including pregnancy and parenthood. Sigma’s Parental Leave Policy is designed to offer 

 Sigma Computing, Inc. 2025 Employee Handbook Page 45 rev072025 comprehensive support and accommodations, recognizing the necessity for parents to bond with their new family members. Sigma adheres to all applicable state laws regarding pregnancy-related disability leave. Sigma will provide up to twelve (12) calendar weeks of paid parental leave for employees to care for and bond with their newborn child or a child recently placed with the employee for adoption or foster care as set forth in this policy. Eligible employees will receive a maximum of twelve (12) weeks of paid parental leave in a twelve-month period, measured forward on a rolling basis from the start of the leave. The occurrence of multiple births or placements, or a multiple birth or placement of siblings, does not increase the twelve-week total in a rolling twelve-month period. As is the case with all Company policies, it is within Sigma’s discretion to interpret and apply this policy, which it will do consistent with all applicable federal and state laws. Eligibility To be eligible for Sigma’s paid parental leave under this policy, the employee must: ● Be a regular, full-time or part-time employee (i.e., this policy does not apply to temporary workers, nor does it apply to interns) ● Have worked at Sigma for at least months (6) months preceding the date the leave would commence to receive Sigma wage pay differentials ● Apply for any available government-provided paid family leave benefits (such as California Paid Family Leave benefits or similar state-level paid family leave benefits) ● Provide Sigma’s Leave Management with documentation from the applicable government agency showing the calculation and payment of such benefits. In addition, eligible Sigma employees must meet one of the following criteria: ● Have given birth to a child ● Be a spouse or domestic partner of, or be in a civil union with, a person who has given birth to a child ● Have a minor (age 17 or younger) child placed with the employee for adoption or foster care Time Frame and Duration of Paid Parental Leave ● Eligible employees will receive a maximum of twelve (12) weeks of paid parental leave in a twelve-month period, measured forward on a rolling basis from the start of the leave. The occurrence of multiple births or placements, or a multiple birth or placement of siblings, does not increase the twelve-week total in a rolling twelve-month period. ● Paid parental leave under this policy must be completed within twelve months following the birth or placement giving rise to the leave. ● On occasion, complications or other extenuating circumstances may arise that require an extension of the Parental Leave beyond the 12-week period. In such circumstances, the Employee must notify the People Team, and any leave extension will be reviewed by the employee’s departmental head, Manager & People Team for approval or denial. ● In such cases, if the duration of the employee’s Parental Leave exceeds 12 weeks, the employee shall be transitioned to an Unpaid Leave of Absence at the completion of the 12-week period for the remaining duration of their Parental Leave. Employees on Parental Leave may, at their discretion, use any or all of their sick time to supplement their earnings during such approved Unpaid Leave extension of their Parental Leave. 

 Sigma Computing, Inc. 2025 Employee Handbook Page 46 rev072025 ● Parental leave may be taken all at once or in increments. Coordination of Leave with Other Company Policies and Applicable Law Paid Parental Leave under this policy runs concurrently with any entitlement to leave or supplemental compensation available to an employee under applicable federal, state or local laws, including without limitation the Federal Family and Medical Leave Act, state family and medical leave laws. For more details about your legal entitlement to leave or supplemental compensation, please see the FMLA section above. Birthing parents are encouraged to apply for any available government-provided disability benefits (such as California State Disability Insurance benefits, or their equivalent state-level Paid Family Leave benefits program) or Short-term Disability (STD) benefits during the time they are disabled by pregnancy or childbirth. Disability benefits are usually paid up to 4 weeks prior to delivery for a normal pregnancy and 6-8 weeks following birth (depending on the type of delivery) subject to a 7-day waiting period. The employee’s doctor may certify longer periods if there are medical complications. For an employee who gives birth and is considered disabled due to childbirth, the doctor usually files for disability first. Since "double-dipping" is prohibited by law, paid parental leave will begin once the employee is no longer deemed medically disabled from their own recovery after childbirth. If the employee is not considered disabled by childbirth, paid parental leave can start immediately after the birth. Maintenance of Employee Benefits The Company will maintain all the employee’s benefits during the parental leave period with no disruptions. Compensation During Parental Leave During approved leave period(s) under this policy, the Company will provide payments to employee in coordination by government-provided paid family leave wage replacement benefits for which the employee may be eligible (for instance, California Paid Family Leave benefits or their equivalent state-level Paid Family Leave benefits program) to ensure that the employee is “kept whole” in terms of their take-home wages. ● As a condition of taking leave under this policy, employees are required to apply for wage replacement benefits and provide the Company’s Leave Management with documentation from the applicable government agency showing the calculation and payment of such benefits. Sigma’s Leave Management will provide Sigma with the calculation and pay difference between each applicable leave benefit (state, STD/LTD) and the employee’s base wage. ● Upon separation from the Company, there is no payout for any unused parental leave days. This is the case even if paid parental leave is scheduled and the employee terminates before or while taking the scheduled time off. Example: Birthing Parent is disabled due to pregnancy / childbirth 

 Sigma Computing, Inc. 2025 Employee Handbook Page 47 rev072025 In this example, the employee’s physician certifies the expectant employee as disabled before the actual birth. Accordingly, the employee is eligible for Disability Leave during the certified disability period and for Parental Leave following the end of this period. A possible scenario is as follows: ● An expectant employee’s doctor certifies them as disabled 4 weeks before the due date. ● The child is born on the due date via Cesarean section. As a result, the parent is deemed to be disabled for an additional 8 weeks post-delivery (compared to 6 weeks for a natural delivery). ● The parent decides to take the full 12 weeks of Parental Leave immediately following the end of the deemed disability period. ● The employee resides in a state that provides Parental Leave benefits for up to 8 weeks. In this example, the employee would be eligible for Disability Leave for 12 weeks (4 weeks prior to delivery and 8 weeks following Cesarean delivery), and then be eligible for 12 weeks Parental Leave as follows: During the 12 - week Disability Leave, the employee would be paid by applicable state sponsored programs, supplemental short term disability insurance and company subsidies. Once the employee is deemed as no longer being disabled, the employee may begin their Parental Leave (Bonding), which must be taken concurrently with State Paid Family Leave. During this portion of the leave, the Company will supplement the employee's salary so that the employee remains at their full wage for the duration of their leave. Example: Non-Birthing Parent Bonding with new child Non-birthing parents, including adoptive or foster parents, as well as spouses or domestic partners of birthing parents, are not eligible for Disability Leave related to childbirth. However, they are eligible for Sigma's Parental Leave, which provides up to 12 weeks of leave within a 12-month period following the birth or placement of a new child. For example, consider the following scenario: the employee’s new child was born or placed with them on January 1. The employee chooses to take January (4 weeks) as one portion of their leave (say in parallel with their spouse or domestic partner). They then return to work for 2 months (Feb/Mar) while their spouse or domestic partner remains with the child, and then the spouse/domestic partner returns to their work while the Sigma employee takes their remaining 8 weeks of leave (Apr/May). In this case, the process would follow this illustration: 

 Sigma Computing, Inc. 2025 Employee Handbook Page 48 rev072025 PROCESS FOR REQUESTING PARENTAL LEAVE When the need for the leave is foreseeable, employees must provide at least thirty (30) days advance notice. If the need is not foreseeable, employees must provide notice as soon as possible, typically on the same day they become aware of the need for leave or the next business day. Employees must inform their Manager and the People team of the requested time frame of leave. Additionally, employees must submit their leave request though Sigma’s Leave Management System (LMS) and complete the needed paperwork that is requested through the LMS. Employee’s will be notified through the LMS of an approved leave and any eligibility regarding FMLA/CRFA. The specific steps for requesting Parental Leave are as follows: 1. Employees must initiate an email to the employee’s Manager and People Ops with the requested time frame for dates of leave for review. 2. People Ops will schedule a time to meet with the employee to walk through the process of requesting the initial request through Sigma’s leave management system and explain the possible leave eligibility. 3. Employees will submit the initial requested date through Sigma’s Leave Management System (LMS) and complete the needed paperwork that is requested through the LMS. 4. Employee’s will be notified through the LMS of an approved leave and any eligibility regarding FMLA/CRFA. 5. After the birth of the child, the employee will update the LMS with the baby’s birthday/adoption/placement date. 6. People Operations will place the employee on Leave as applicable, once the employee returns, People Operations will change the employee status back to Active. 7. Employee’s will have 30 days from the baby’s birth to add them to their health benefits. BEREAVEMENT LEAVE We aim to support our employees and their families during the challenging times following the loss of a loved one. We provide the necessary time for mourning and for attending and arranging events such as memorial services, funerals, burial services, and other related gatherings. 

 Sigma Computing, Inc. 2025 Employee Handbook Page 49 rev072025 Employees are entitled up to five (5) days of paid leave upon the death of an Immediate family member(s). Employees are eligible for Bereavement after completing 30 days of employment. For purposes of this policy, a family member is a: ● Spouse ● Domestic Partner ● Child ● Parent ● Parent-in-law ● Sibling ● Grandparent ● Grandchild Employees may be asked to provide documentation to support the need for bereavement leave, which may include a death certificate; a published obituary; or a verification of death, burial or memorial services from a mortuary, funeral home, burial society, crematorium, religious institution or government agency. Sigma may, at its discretion, approve additional unpaid time off. REPRODUCTIVE LOSS LEAVE POLICY This policy is designed to provide compassionate support and understanding to all employees who experience a reproductive loss (defined as a failed adoption, failed surrogacy, miscarriage, stillbirth, or unsuccessful assisted reproduction). We recognize the unique emotional challenges associated with reproductive losses and aim to offer bereavement leave to help employees navigate this difficult time. Employees are eligible to receive up to five (5) days of paid leave for such an event. If an employee experiences more than one reproductive loss event within a 12-month period, they are eligible to take no more than 20 days of reproductive loss leave time within a 12-month period, the first five (5) days of which will be paid. Additional unpaid leave may be considered on a case-by-case basis. The leave – which need not be taken consecutively – must be completed within three (3) months of the reproductive loss event. Employees needing to take time off under this policy should notify their supervisor immediately. We may request appropriate supporting documentation and will maintain confidentiality for any employee requesting leave under this law. Employees may use any available paid time off for any unpaid portion of the leave and may request additional time off as necessary. During times of personal loss, we extend our deepest sympathies and are committed to providing the necessary support and understanding to our employees as they navigate through this difficult period. MILITARY LEAVE A military leave of absence will be granted to employees who are absent from work because of service in the United States armed services. Advance notice of military service is required, unless military necessity prevents such notice, or it is otherwise impossible or unreasonable. California Family Military Leave Pursuant to California Military and Veterans Code Section 395.10, the Company will provide up to ten (10) days of time off to a California employee if the employee’s spouse (as defined under California law) is a qualified member of the armed forces (as defined under California law) who is deployed home 

 Sigma Computing, Inc. 2025 Employee Handbook Page 50 rev072025 during a period of military conflict. The employee must work an average of twenty or more hours per week and must also provide the Company with notice of his/her spouse’s deployment within two business days of the employee’s receipt of official notice of such deployment. The leave will be unpaid. Leave provided under California Military and Veterans Code Section 395.10 is in addition to any other leave that such employee may be entitled to take. Employees should contact the People Operations team for more information or questions about military leave. California Family Military Furlough Sigma will grant an unpaid leave of absence of up to ten (10) days upon request to any employee who meets the following requirements: ● Regularly scheduled to work at least twenty (20) hours per week; ● Spouse of a member of the Armed Forces who is deployed to military conflict in a combat zone or theater, or spouse of a member of the National Guard or Reserves who is deployed during military conflict; ● Intends to take time off during the military spouse’s furlough or leave from deployment, in order to be together with the military spouse; ● Requests leave with at least two (2) business days’ notice after learning that the employee’s spouse will be on leave or furlough from deployment. Failure to return from leave upon expiration will be deemed a voluntary resignation, unless an extension of leave is approved before expiration of the original leave. Child-Related Activities Leave Employees will be permitted to take unpaid time off to attend to business or activities related to the school (kindergarten through twelfth (12th) grade) or the licensed daycare facility attended by their child. Eligible employees include the parent, legal guardian, step-parent, foster parent, or grandparent of the child, or a person who stands in loco parentis. If both parents are Company employees, the Company may not allow both parents to attend the same activity. Covered business or activities include: to find, enroll, or re-enroll the child in a school or with a licensed childcare provider, to participate in activities of the school or licensed childcare provider of the child, or to address a childcare provider or school emergency. A covered emergency means that the child cannot remain in a school or with a childcare provider due to one of the following: (1) the school or child care provider has requested that the child be picked up, or has an attendance policy, excluding planned holidays, that prohibits the child from attending or requires the child to be picked up from the school or child care provider; (2) behavioral or discipline problems; (3) closure or unexpected unavailability of the school or child care provider, excluding planned holidays; or (4) a natural disaster, including, but not limited to, fire, earthquake, or flood. The employee may be required to present documentation from the school verifying the activity. Prior to taking the time off, the employee must give reasonable notice to the Company of the planned absence of the employee. Emergency business requires notice to the Company. Time off pursuant to this subparagraph shall not exceed eight (8) hours in any calendar month of the year. An employee may take up to forty (40) hours off per school year, up to eight (8) hours per month. 

 Sigma Computing, Inc. 2025 Employee Handbook Page 51 rev072025 Exempt employees will not be docked a partial day’s salary for such absence. REHABILITATION OF SUBSTANCE ABUSE Upon request, an employee may be granted unpaid time off to enter and/or participate in an alcohol or drug rehabilitation, provided that the amount of time is reasonable, and the accommodation does not impose an undue hardship on the Company. However, If the employee’s substance abuse has previously impacted their job performance or necessitated disciplinary measures, disciplinary action may still apply. BONE MARROW & ORGAN DONOR LEAVE Under California law, employees may take up to thirty (30) business days of paid leave within any one-year period for the purpose of donating their organs to another person. Also, employees may take up to five (5) business days of paid leave within any one-year period for the purpose of donating their bone marrow to another person. The Company will also provide employees with an additional unpaid leave of absence of up to 30 business days in a one-year period when donating an organ. The one-year period is measured from the date the leave begins. In order to receive a leave of absence under this policy, the employee must provide a written verification that they are an organ or bone marrow donor and that there is a medical necessity for the donation of the organ or bone marrow. Any period of leave shall not be considered a break in continuous service for the purpose of salary adjustments, paid time off, annual leave, or seniority. The first five (5) days of leave for bone marrow donation and the first thirty (30) days of leave for organ donation shall be paid leave; provided that the first five (5) days of leave for bone marrow donation, and the first two (2) weeks of leave for organ donation, will be paid by deducting the days taken from the employee’s paid sick time. If the employee does not have a sufficient balance of such leave, then the Company will pay the employee their salary for such uncovered days. During any leave under this policy, the Company will maintain and pay for continued coverage under its group health plan for the full duration of the leave (provided that the employee is enrolled in such a plan). Upon expiration of this leave, the employee shall be restored to his or her previous position, or an equivalent position, although the Company reserves the right to decline to restore the employee to their previous position or an equivalent position because of conditions unrelated to the employee’s exercise of their leave rights under this policy. OTHER REQUIRED & DISCRETIONARY LEAVES The Company will provide employees with any leaves and leave benefits to which they are entitled by applicable law. Except as otherwise required by law or policy, such leaves will be unpaid. Personal leaves of absence for reasons other than those covered by the Company’s other leave policies or governing law (“personal leave”) may be granted on a case-by-case basis at the sole discretion of the Company. The duration, terms and conditions of each authorized personal leave will be based on the circumstances of the individual request and are at the sole discretion of the Company. An employee wishing to take a personal leave of absence must submit a written request form to their supervisor as far in advance as possible before the requested leave date. Each case will be reviewed 

 Sigma Computing, Inc. 2025 Employee Handbook Page 52 rev072025 and must be approved by the Company before the leave is authorized. An employee may not provide services to another employer, individual, or entity, including self-employment, during any leave of absence, without the Company’s express written consent. Failure to report to work on the first day after the expiration of a personal leave will be deemed a voluntary termination of employment. Personal leaves of absence generally will be unpaid. Unless otherwise provided in writing at the time of the leave, an employee has no guarantee of reinstatement at the end of a personal leave. Subject to the terms, conditions and limitations of the applicable plans, health insurance benefits will be provided by the Company until the end of the month in which the approved personal leave begins. If the leave extends beyond the end of the month in which the leave begins, the employee may elect to continue group health coverage under COBRA. If the employee returns to active employment, benefits will resume according to all applicable plans and Company policies. GENERAL COMPANY POLICIES EMPLOYEE INFORMATION Personal Data Changes Sigma is required by law to keep current all employees' names and addresses. Personal mailing addresses, telephone numbers, marital status, number and names of dependents, individuals to be contacted in the event of an emergency, educational credentials, and other such status reports should be accurate and current in the Company’s files at all times. It is the responsibility of each employee to promptly notify the Company of any changes in personal data. If any personal data has changed, please update ADP and notify the People Operations team. Access to Personnel Records Upon request, employees may inspect their own personnel records that relate to the employee’s performance or to any grievance concerning the employee, at a mutually agreeable time, on Company premises in the presence of a Company official. Employees are entitled to copies of documents in their personnel file in accordance with California law. Employees may request a copy of their payroll records and their personnel records, with some exceptions, at their own expense. For more information, contact peopleops@sigmacomputing.com. PERFORMANCE EVALUATION Purpose The performance evaluation process is designed to assess and recognize the contributions of employees to the organization. It serves as a tool for constructive feedback, professional development, and aligning individual goals with organizational objectives. Employee performance evaluations may review factors such as, but not limited to, the quality and quantity of the work the employee performs, employee’s knowledge of the job, employee’s initiative, employee’s work attitude, and employee’s 

 Sigma Computing, Inc. 2025 Employee Handbook Page 53 rev072025 attitude toward others. The performance evaluations are intended to make employees aware of their progress, areas for improvement, and objectives or goals for future work performance. Frequency Performance reviews will generally be conducted twice each year, specifically at the end of the first half of the fiscal year (H1) and the end of the fiscal year (FY). The frequency of performance evaluations may vary depending upon length of service, job position, past performance, changes in job duties, or recurring performance problems. Documentation Performance evaluations will be documented and stored securely in the employee's personnel file. This documentation will generally be considered when making decisions related to promotions, compensation adjustments, and career development. Favorable performance evaluations do not guarantee increases in salary or promotions. Salary increases and promotions are solely within the discretion of Sigma and depend upon many factors in addition to performance. Confidentiality All information related to performance evaluations is considered confidential. Access to this information is restricted to those individuals involved in the evaluation process and is handled with the utmost sensitivity. OPEN-DOOR POLICY Suggestions for improving Sigma are always welcome. From time to time, an employee may have a complaint, suggestion, or question about their job, their working conditions, or the treatment they are receiving. Such complaints, questions, and suggestions are important to us. If an employee has a complaint, suggestion, or question, we advise speaking with their immediate supervisors as soon as possible. If they are not comfortable speaking with their immediate supervisor, they should bring the issue to the personnel manager or any other member of management. While a written complaint will assist People Operations in investigating an employee's concerns, it is not required that they put their complaint in writing. If an employee needs assistance with their complaint, or they prefer to make a complaint in person, contact the People team. This procedure, which we believe is important for both the employee and the company, cannot guarantee that every problem will be resolved to the employee’s satisfaction. However, Sigma values each employee's observations and they should feel free to raise issues of concern without the fear of retaliation. TRAVEL & EXPENSE (T&E) POLICY As integral contributors to Sigma’s mission, there will be occasions when engaging with customers and traveling on behalf of the company is essential. In such instances, it is inevitable that reimbursable expenses may be incurred. 

 Sigma Computing, Inc. 2025 Employee Handbook Page 54 rev072025 Sigma expects all employees to act in the company's best interest and with integrity when incurring expenses for business travel. This policy outlines the guidelines and procedures for travel and expenses to ensure consistency, compliance, and cost management. The Travel and Expense (“T&E”) Policy applies to all Sigma Employees and contractors while engaging in official work on behalf of Sigma and is applicable for all legitimate business expenses. It goes out saying that personal or non-business-related expenses should never be charged to Sigma. GENERAL EXPECTATIONS Employees are expected to: ● Minimize costs while maintaining effectiveness and efficiency ● Follow the guidelines and procedures outlined in this policy ● Submit accurate and timely expense reports with appropriate documentation TRANSPORTATION ● Airfare: Sigma will reimburse standard economy or coach class airfare. Flights booked with airline miles, spouse's ticket (unless invited) and unauthorized upgrades are not reimbursable. ● Rail Travel: Sigma will reimburse standard economy class railway fare. VEHICLE TRAVEL ● Rideshare - Sigma will reimburse costs incurred when using a rideshare service. The company encourages two or more employees that are traveling to the same location, to share a ride. ● Renting - The company will reimburse the cost of renting a car when it is the most economical and practical solution. When renting a car, employees must opt for loss damage insurance. ● Personal Vehicle - When personal vehicles are being used for business purposes, Sigma will reimburse mileage expenses at the 2025 IRS-mandated rate of $0.70/mile, or the actual costs of gas consumed, at the employee's choice, but not both. Parking costs are reimbursable, and receipts should be processed through our expense management system. ○ When private vehicles are used for Sigma business, it is imperative that the traveler maintains automobile liability insurance coverage that aligns with the approved minimum. The minimum acceptable coverage corresponds to the limit mandated by the state or country where the vehicle is operated. ○ Damage sustained to an employee’s vehicle while in use for Sigma business purposes will not be reimbursed. LODGING Sigma expects employees to exercise their best judgment when purchasing hotel lodging with a general guideline being the midpoint of the local market's midpoint. Approvals are required from the department head when exceeding rates that are above the midpoint of the local market. Sigma will reimburse actual lodging costs incurred by employees basis receipts filed through our expense management system. MEALS & INCIDENTALS 

 Sigma Computing, Inc. 2025 Employee Handbook Page 55 rev072025 Employees can claim meals while staying overnight or if away from the office for more than half a day when traveling for business by submitting itemized receipts, attendee names, and business purpose through our expense management system. Sigma will reimburse up to $100/day spent on meals by employees subject to receipts being submitted in a timely manner. This amount is not a per diem. A higher daily spend limit, to be used for client entertainment only, will require departmental pre - approval. Sigma will also reimburse actual costs incurred on ● International travel costs (passports, visas, immunizations) ● Excess baggage for Sigma materials or extended trips ● Laundry for trips over five days ● Reasonable gratuities ● Bridge tolls and parking ● Inflight WIFI Sigma will not reimburse the following expenses ● Pet care or childcare expenses ● Personal travel insurance ● Insurance coverage for privately-owned vehicles ● Expenses for the repairs of privately-owned vehicles ● Expenses related to damages to uninsured rental cars and privately-owned vehicles ● Interest charges levied on overdue invoices or credit card statements. ● Barbers, hairdressers, toiletry items, health club fees, prescription, and non-prescription medications. ● Hotel pay-per-view/media and mini-bar expenses. ● Expenses related to lost or stolen personal items. ● ATM fees. ● Parking fines. ● Customer gifts. Combining Personal and Company Travel Expenses related to a partner traveling with a Sigma employee (spouse, friend, family member) are considered personal and are not reimbursable. Employees must deduct any personal portion of the cost of a rental car or incidental personal expenses before requesting reimbursement. Expense Reporting Employees must submit expense reports through our expense management system within a reasonable time after the trip. Employees must attach actual receipts and required documentation. All receipts must be itemized, credit card receipts with only final charges will not be accepted. Employees must obtain necessary approvals before incurring expenses that exceed policy guidelines. By adhering to this policy, Sigma ensures that travel and expense processes are transparent, fair, and aligned with the company's financial and operational goals. 

 Sigma Computing, Inc. 2025 Employee Handbook Page 56 rev072025 RELOCATION Employee Relocation Employees living further than 10 miles from San Francisco County and outside the five boroughs of New York City and the surrounding New Jersey area, that choose to relocate closer to the office in order to improve their commute, Sigma will offer a relocation bonus of $5,000.00 lump sum (grossed up for tax). To be eligible for the relocation bonus, the relocation by the employee must be to San Francisco (within 10 miles of the office) or New York City/the surrounding New Jersey area (within 15 miles of the office). Relocation bonus can be claimed, after the employee has relocated, by sending an email to peopleops@sigmacomputing.com along with relevant documentation and manager approval. The employee is required to remain employed with Sigma for a period of one year following the receipt of the relocation package. Should the employee terminate their employment with Sigma within this one-year period, they are obligated to repay the full amount of the relocation package to the company. Employees should update their home address in ADP after the relocation. Sigma Requested Relocation Occasionally, Sigma may move certain business functions to different locations. Therefore, employees may be asked to relocate to ensure optimal business operations. Sigma respects each employee’s right to accept or decline such requests, understanding that personal circumstances vary. However, depending on the situation, Sigma cannot guarantee that employees can remain in their current role and location. The following is a list of possible benefit assistance Sigma may provide should the employee agree to the Sigma-initiated relocation: ● Moving Expenses: Sigma will reimburse moving-related expenses but will not manage the employee’s move. All expenses must be approved in advance, then submitted for reimbursement through Expensify. ● Relocation Travel Cost: Sigma will provide reimbursement for reasonable cost for the employee airfare, train tickets or mileage for driving to new location. Such costs should be consistent with the Travel & Expense standard guidelines. ● Relocation: Sigma will provide a $5000.00 lump sum (grossed up for taxes) for employees who have been requested to relocate. The exact structure of any relocation package will be discussed and agreed with the relevant employee as part of their decision-making process. Employees whose work location has changed may be eligible for benefits in their new location. 

 Sigma Computing, Inc. 2025 Employee Handbook Page 57 rev072025 LEARNING & DEVELOPMENT POLICY Sigma has established a Learning and Development Policy to promote continuous learning, skill development, and career advancement for employees. This policy aims to create a supportive environment that fosters personal and professional growth, contributing to the overall success and competitiveness of the organization. The key objectives of this policy include Skill Enhancements, Leadership Development, Career Advancement, Adaptability to Change, Employee Engagement, and Measurable Outcomes. Eligibility ● Must be a regular full-time or part-time employee, in good standing ● Successfully completed 12 months of employment ● Interns and temporary employees are not eligible. Learning and development programs may include, but are not limited to, training sessions, workshops, online courses, mentorship programs, and conferences. Covered expenses may include part or all of the tuition fees for short term courses, workshops, seminars, and conferences, webinars, online learning, recertification fees and professional memberships directly related to the employee's current job responsibilities. The program does not cover currency exchange fees, software, equipment, or subscriptions to publications. Procedure To participate in this program, the employee must: 1. Submit a request to their manager indicating a specific program of interest for approval and cc PeopleOps@Sigmacomputing.com 2. Complete and upload supporting documents (estimated cost, program, conference, certification courses, etc.) here for review by manager and people team 3. Approval will be based on the program's relevance to the employee's role and its potential benefit to the organization. 4. The employee must submit the following documents via Expensify for reimbursement a. Receipts b. PDF of the approved request from Manager cc: People Team Employees approved for learning and development training may be granted reasonable time off, and flexible work schedules may be considered to accommodate such trainings. Employees who receive reimbursement for learning and development trainings and voluntarily leave the company within 12 months thereafter may be required to repay the reimbursed amount. The Company will regularly assess the impact of learning and development initiatives on employee performance and overall organizational success. FAMILY-FRIENDLY WORKPLACE SCHEDULES The Company will consider an eligible employee’s request for a flexible or predictable work arrangement, in order to accommodate the employee’s family care responsibilities. Eligible employees 

 Sigma Computing, Inc. 2025 Employee Handbook Page 58 rev072025 are those who have at least six months of service with the Company, who work in our San Francisco or New York offices and are in good standing. Eligible employees may request either a more flexible, or more predictable, work schedule for the purpose of meeting caregiver responsibilities when the employee is a primary contributor to the ongoing care of any of the following: ● The employee’s minor child. ● An employee’s family member (spouse, domestic partner, child, parent, sibling, grandchild or grandparent; and corresponding relatives by marriage or “in-law”) with a serious health condition; or ● The employee’s parent at least age 65 Requests may include changes related to: ● The number of hours the employee is required to work; ● The employee’s work schedule; ● Where the employee is required to work; ● Work assignments; or ● Predictability in a work schedule. An eligible employee who requests a flexible or predictable working arrangement has the right to a process, not to a specific outcome. After receiving the employee’s written request, the Company will meet with the employee within 21 days to discuss the request. The Company will give the employee a written response within 21 days of the meeting. If the request is granted, then either the employee or the Company may revoke the agreed arrangement upon 14 days’ notice. The Company may deny a request based on a bona fide business reason, including, but not limited to: ● The identifiable cost of the change, including productivity loss, transferring, retraining, or hiring additional employees; ● Detrimental effects on the ability to meet customer or client demands; ● The inability to organize work among other employees; or ● The insufficiency of work to be performed during the time the employee proposes to work. The Company will explain the denial in writing. The employee may request reconsideration in writing, within 30 calendar days of the denial. The Company prohibits any retaliation against an employee because of their caregiver responsibilities or based on use of the request process. OFFICE DOG POLICY Pets make our lives better in so many ways. At work, they create a fun, happy environment, encourage interactions among people, and get us up for regular exercise breaks. Pets are also a responsibility, and the opportunity to have them at our workplace is a privilege all participants must respect. To take part in our pets-at-work program, Sigmanauts must agree to honor Sigma’s workplace pet policy. Pet Policy 

 Sigma Computing, Inc. 2025 Employee Handbook Page 59 rev072025 In order to bring your dog into either office you must sign off on the following agreements. There will be a Two Strikes Rule. If the People team receives 2 or more complaints about a given dog they cannot come back until they have received the proper training and/or for a minimum of 3 months. If they are approved to return to the office, they will be given only one Strike moving forward before they are permanently banned. If a dog bites or is overly aggressive to either another person or another dog they are to be removed from the office immediately. Agreements ● Dogs in the office must be leashed and accompanied by a human at ALL times ● Owners must clean up after their pet immediately, in case of accidents. ● Dogs should NEVER be on desks or tables. ● If a dog joins their owner in a conference room, the owner should make sure everyone is comfortable with the dog being there. ● Dogs must be older than 1 year and weigh <65 pounds. ● Dogs must be neutered and vaccinated. ● All dogs must be owned and housed by pet owner for at least 30 days before the start of the trial ● All dogs must be house trained, obedient, and well socialized with no history of biting, barking, or chasing. ● Dogs must not be left unattended at any time. ● Owners must bring in their own beds, bowls, toys, etc. Sigma will not provide food or puppy pads. ● In NY, dogs MUST be brought in through the freight elevator. Although minimal, there is still construction happening in the building. It is YOUR responsibility to add in enough time into your commute to wait for the freight elevator. Dogs are only allowed in Sigma Offices (floors 8 & 9) and not in any other shared spaces (ie: the rooftop & gym) ● In SF, due to the building restrictions, certain breeds are not permitted without approval from the Property Managers. o Akita, Doberman, Mastiff. Rottweiler, Bloodhound, Elkhound, Pit Family, Saint Bernard, Bulldog, Great Dane, Presia Canario 

 Sigma Computing, Inc. 2025 Employee Handbook Page 60 rev072025 SECURITY STANDARDS Sigma’s Security standards is to establish guidelines, procedures, and best practices for ensuring the security and integrity of all company assets, including but not limited to information systems, data, networks, and physical facilities. By adhering to these standards, Sigma aims to mitigate risks, protect sensitive information, and maintain the trust of our clients, employees, and stakeholders. TECHNOLOGY SYSTEMS The Company provides an e-mail system, voicemail system, access to the Internet, and other technology systems to assist employees in conducting Company business. All information, data, and messages created, received, sent, or stored in these systems are, at all times, the property of the Company. All existing Company policies, including, but not limited to, Company policies regarding intellectual property, misuse of Company property, discrimination, harassment, sexual harassment, information and data security, and confidentiality, apply to the conduct of employees on the Internet and when using technology systems, regardless of whether employees are accessing such systems on-site or remotely. The Company does not allow its systems to be used to create, receive, send, or store data that may reasonably be considered to be defamatory, obscene, discriminating or harassing. Such data includes, but is not limited to, sexual images and comments, racial and gender-based slurs, or anything that would reasonably be expected to offend someone based on a legally protected class. Any such use would violate this policy and may violate the Company’s policy against harassment. In particular, the display of any kind of sexually explicit image or document on any Company system is a violation of the Company’s policy against sexual harassment. Employees who are aware of the misuse of these systems by other employees should report the misuse to a manager or to People Operations immediately. All employees should be aware that the Company has software and systems in place that are capable of monitoring and recording all network traffic to and from any computer employees may use. Accordingly, employees are hereby notified that all telephone conversations or transmissions, electronic mail or transmissions, or internet access or usage by any electronic device or system, including but not limited to the use of a computer, telephone, wire, radio or electromagnetic, photoelectric or photo-optical systems may be subject to monitoring at any and all times and by any lawful means. The Company reserves the right to access, review, copy, and delete any of the information, data, or messages accessed through these systems with or without notice to employees and/or in employees’ absence. This includes, but is not limited to, all website visits, all chat sessions, all news group activity (including groups visited, messages read, and employee postings), and all file transfers into and out of the Company’s internal networks. The Company further reserves the right to retrieve previously deleted messages from e-mail or voicemail and monitor usage of the Internet, including websites visited and any information employees have downloaded. In addition, the Company may review Internet and technology systems activity and analyze usage patterns and may choose to publicize this data. Employees should have no expectation of privacy as to their internet or technology systems usage and should not use these systems for information they wish to keep private. The Company reserves the right to inspect any and all files stored in all areas of the Company’s network, including those assigned to individual employees, and those stored on any Company computer or cloud network, in order to assure compliance with this and other Company policies. The Company’s Technology Systems policy also extends to Company technology systems accessed by cellular/smart phones and/or any other handheld wireless-type PDA device (i.e., BlackBerrys, iPhones, 

 Sigma Computing, Inc. 2025 Employee Handbook Page 61 rev072025 Android devices, iPads, etc.), whether owned and issued by the Company or purchased by an employee and approved for use and configured by the Company, to the extent permitted under applicable law. COMMUNICATION GUIDELINES (SLACK/GMAIL) The purpose of these guidelines is to ensure effective and professional communication on company platforms, particularly Slack, while maintaining a positive and respectful work environment. Slack Guidelines ● Respectful Communication: Slack is a communication tool for work purposes. We encourage focusing discussions on work-related matters, fostering collaboration, and supporting one another in achieving our common goals. Let's keep our Slack channels professional, respectful, and conducive to a harmonious work environment. Please maintain a professional tone and avoid personal or inappropriate conversations. We value diversity and inclusivity within our workplace community. And to maintain a positive and productive environment, refrain from engaging in discussions related to sensitive topics such as politics, religion, or any other potentially triggering subjects on Slack channels. While open dialogue and constructive communication are encouraged, these topics can be divisive and may lead to discomfort or conflict among team members. ● Channel Etiquette: Use appropriate channels for discussions. Keep conversations relevant to the channel's purpose. ● Privacy: Respect others' privacy. Avoid sharing sensitive or confidential information in public channels. ● Response Time: Respond to messages promptly during working hours. If an employee is unable to respond immediately, acknowledge the message and indicate when they will be able to follow up. ● File Sharing: Use Slack's file-sharing feature for work-related documents and materials. Avoid sharing large files that could slow down the platform. ● Notification Settings: An employee can customize their notification settings to manage interruptions effectively. Consider muting non-essential channels during focused work time. ● Security: Be vigilant about cybersecurity. Avoid clicking on suspicious links or downloading files from unknown sources. ● Dispute Resolution: If a conflict arises in Slack discussions, handle it respectfully and escalate to a manager or The People Operations Team, if necessary. Email Guidelines ● Professionalism: Treat email communication with the same level of professionalism as other forms of business communication. ● Clear and Concise: Write clear, concise emails with a descriptive subject line. Avoid unnecessary jargon or ambiguity. ● Recipient Selection: Choose recipients carefully to avoid cluttering inboxes with unnecessary emails. Use the "reply all" function judiciously. ● Grammar and Spelling: Proofread emails before sending to ensure proper grammar, spelling, and punctuation. 

 Sigma Computing, Inc. 2025 Employee Handbook Page 62 rev072025 ● Attachments: Only include attachments when necessary. Compress large files and consider the recipient's bandwidth limitations. ● Sensitive Information: Exercise extreme caution when sharing sensitive information via email. Use encryption or password protection when appropriate. ● Follow-Up: If an email requires action, follow up with a polite reminder if necessary. ● Unsubscribe and Filters: An employee is expected to manage their inbox effectively by unsubscribing from irrelevant mailing lists and setting up filters to organize incoming emails. ● Response Time: Respond to emails promptly during working hours. If more time is needed, an employee should provide a comprehensive response, acknowledge the email and provide an estimated timeframe for their reply. ● Signature: Employees should use a professional email signature that includes their name, job title, company name, and contact information. 

 Sigma Computing, Inc. 2025 Employee Handbook Page 63 rev072025 HEALTH & SAFETY HEALTH & SAFETY STANDARDS All employees are responsible for their own safety, as well as that of others in the workplace. To help us maintain a safe workplace, everyone must be always safety-conscious. Employees should report all work-related injuries or illnesses immediately to their supervisor or to the People Operations team. In compliance with California law, and to promote the concept of a safe workplace, Sigma maintains an Injury and Illness Prevention Program. The Injury and Illness Prevention Program is available for review by employees and/or employee representatives in the general manager's office. RECREATIONAL ACTIVITIES & PROGRAMS Sigma or its insurer will not be liable for payment of workers' compensation benefits for any injury that arises out of an employee's voluntary participation in any off-duty recreational, social, or athletic activity that is not part of the employee's work-related duties. WORKPLACE VIOLENCE POLICY Sigma has adopted the following workplace violence policy to ensure a safe working environment for all employees. The Company has zero tolerance for acts of violence and threats of violence. Without exception, acts and threats of violence are not permitted. All such acts and threats, even those made in apparent jest, will be taken seriously, and will lead to discipline up to and including termination. DEFINITION OF WORKPLACE VIOLENCE Workplace violence includes but is not limited to, any physical assault, threatening behavior, or verbal abuse occurring in the work setting. This can range from threats and verbal abuse to physical assaults and homicide. PROHIBITED CONDUCT The following conduct is strictly prohibited: ● Threatening, intimidating, or coercing behavior, whether verbal or physical. ● Physical violence, including hitting, kicking, pushing, or throwing objects. ● Possession of weapons on company premises or during company activities, unless explicitly authorized for job duties. Reporting Incidents: All employees, contractors’ responsibility to assist in establishing and maintaining a violence-free work environment. Therefore, employees are expected and encouraged to report any incident which may be threatening to them or their co-workers or any event which they reasonably believe is threatening or violent. Such reports can be made to 

 Sigma Computing, Inc. 2025 Employee Handbook Page 64 rev072025 peopleops@sigmacomputing.com, to your HR Business Partner, or an anonymous reporting channel provided by Sigma. EMPLOYEES WHO ARE REQUIRED TO DRIVE Employees whose job duties require them to drive their own vehicles for Company business will be required to show proof of current valid driving licenses and proof of insurability under the Company's policy or current effective insurance coverage before the first day of employment. If an employee is required to drive as part of their job, Sigma retains the right to transfer to an alternative position, suspend, or terminate an employee whose license is suspended or revoked, or who fails to maintain personal automobile insurance coverage or who is uninsurable under the Company's policy. Employees who drive their own vehicles on Company business will be reimbursed at the rate of Sigma will reimburse for mileage expenses at the 2025 IRS-mandated rate of $0.70/mile per mile. BUILDING ACCESS Standard Working Days (Monday through Friday) San Francisco Office Sigma’s Office is located at 116 New Montgomery St. #700, San Francisco, CA 94105 and occupies floors 4th through 9th. 1. All security card reader doors should be kept secure so that access is only via a security swipe card or through Brivo Mobile App. No doors leading to private areas of the building should be left unlocked or propped open. This also applies to emergency exit doors. 2. The Buildings Main Entrance door in SF HQ is open from 8:00 am to 4:30 pm 3. Visitors and clients must check-in at the Main Floor Lobby’s front desk prior to entering the Elevators to the 7th Floor and check in at the Company’s iPad. 4. Main reception doors should never be propped open, and employees who find them open should shut them immediately. 4. Employees should not allow anyone with whom they are unfamiliar to access through any locked doors or card reader doors without first checking their identity or purpose. 5. Employees should be aware of any individuals who “Piggy-back” into the building as they enter or exit. New York Office Sigma’s Office is located at 124 E 14th Street, New York, NY 10003 and occupies both the 8th and 9th floor of Zero Irving. To obtain access to the building, Sigma Employees must do the following: 1. Badges must be requested in advance and can only be printed on Tuesday/Thursday, per building management 2. Sigma’s New York Office is open 24 hours a day/7 day a week, all NY employees will need to have a badge and be registered with the building management team in order to 

 Sigma Computing, Inc. 2025 Employee Handbook Page 65 rev072025 gain access. 3. All guests must be registered for office visitations in advance, if the visitors are not registered in Splan (Zero Irving’s check-in system), an employee will need to pick up the visitors from the security desk a. All guests when entering the facility must check-in on the iPad located on the 9th floor b. Visitors do not have access to move between the 8th and 9th floor without an escort. 4. Doors should never be propped open, and employees who find them open should shut them immediately. 5. Brivo Mobile Access Pass is only accessible for the Wellness and IT Room BADGE ACCESS Sigma issues badges to all employees, contractors & temporary workers to grant access to our facilities. Badges are issued, tracked and managed by our IT department, in conjunction with building management, where applicable. If the issued badge is Iost or stolen, the employee or contractor must report the loss of the badge to Sigma’s IT Department within 24 hours. WORKSPACE Furniture, desks, computers, equipment and software are Sigma property and must be maintained according to Company rules and regulations. They must be kept clean and are to be used only for work-related purposes. Sigma reserves the right to inspect all Company property including computers to ensure compliance with its rules and regulations, without notice to the employee and at any time, not necessarily in the employee's presence. Prior authorization must be obtained before any Company property may be removed from the premises. For security reasons, employees should not leave personal belongings of value in the workplace. Terminated employees should remove any personal items at the time they leave Sigma. Personal items left in the workplace will be shipped to the employee’s address on file. All employees are expected to keep their work areas clean and organized. People using common areas such as lunchrooms, conference rooms, locker rooms, and restrooms are expected to keep them sanitary. Please clean up after meals and dispose of trash properly. GUEST & VISITORS All guests must sign in using Sigma’s Visitor Management System. Visits from friends and family should be kept to a minimum, to preserve an appropriate work environment. It is extremely important that the impression left with Sigma visitors is that of a professional organization with the highest standards of conduct. Emergencies in which children must be in the office for an extended length of time are to be kept to an absolute minimum. The Company may not be used as a substitute for regular childcare of employees' children. On those occasions when children are present, they should not be allowed to disrupt others in the office. An employee’s child is their responsibility and must be always 

 Sigma Computing, Inc. 2025 Employee Handbook Page 66 rev072025 under the employee’s direct supervision. TERMINATION AT-WILL EMPLOYMENT I acknowledge my employment with the Company is not for a specified period of time and can be terminated at any time, with or without cause or advance notice, by me or by the Company. I acknowledge that no statements or representations regarding my employment can alter the foregoing. The at-will employment policy may not be modified except by a written agreement signed by the President of the Company and me. VOLUNTARY RESIGNATION Voluntary resignation results when an employee voluntarily quits their employment at Sigma, or fails to report to work for three (3) consecutively scheduled workdays without notice to, or approval by, their supervisor (unless the absence is protected by law). All Company-owned property, including vehicles, keys, uniforms, identification badges, and credit cards, must be returned immediately upon termination of employment. INVOLUNTARY TERMINATION & PROGRESSIVE DISCIPLINE Violation of Sigma policies and rules may warrant disciplinary action. The Company has a system of progressive discipline that may include verbal warnings, written warnings, and suspension. The system is not formal, and Sigma may, in its sole discretion, utilize whatever form of discipline is deemed appropriate under the circumstances, up to, and including, immediate termination of employment. The Company's policy of progressive discipline in no way limits or alters the at-will employment relationship. REDUCTION IN FORCE Under some circumstances, Sigma may need to restructure or reduce its workforce. If restructuring our operations or reducing the number of employees becomes necessary, the Company will attempt to provide advance notice, if possible, to help prepare affected individuals. If possible, employees subject to layoff will be informed of the nature of the layoff and the foreseeable duration of the layoff, whether short-term or indefinite. In determining which employees will be subject to layoff, Sigma will take into account, among other things, operation and requirements, the skill, productivity, ability, and past performance of those involved, and also, when feasible, the employee's length of service. JOB ABANDONMENT Any employee who fails to report to work for a period for 3 or more consecutive days without notifying their manager may, at the discretion of Sigma Computing, be considered to have abandoned the job. Sigma may terminate the employment relationship and consider it a voluntary termination by 

 Sigma Computing, Inc. 2025 Employee Handbook Page 67 rev072025 the employee. FINAL PAY An employee who resigns or is discharged will be paid through the last day of work, plus any unused paid time off (PTO), less outstanding loans, advances or other agreements the employee may have with the company, in compliance with state laws. In cases of an employee's death, the final pay due to that employee will be paid to the deceased employee's estate or as otherwise required under state law. RETURN OF COMPANY PROPERTY Employees must return all company property, including but not limited to laptops, access badges, keys, company credit cards, documents, and any other equipment or materials provided for work purposes. Return of company property should be coordinated with your supervisor or the designated department responsible for asset management. It is the employee's responsibility to ensure that all items are returned in a timely manner, typically on or before the last day of employment or as specified by the People Operations Team. 

 Sigma Computing, Inc. 2025 Employee Handbook Page 68 rev072025 Additional Resources* Resource Type Useful Link Employee Benefits ● ADP ● Sequoia ● Navia ● Leave Management- Cocoon ● Perks Your benefits at Sigma www.Workforcenow.adp.com https://login.sequoia.com/ https://app.naviabenefits.com/#/login https://dashboard.meetcocoon.com/sigma Beyond your health benefits Travel and Expense policy T& E policy On- call responsibilities Support Oncall Responsibilities Security Oncall Responsibilities Engineering Oncall Responsibilities Office Pet policy (SF & NYC) Pet Policy Support requests “How to” Support Requests & Filing tickets *Disclaimer: this is not an exhaustive list of resources. Here is a link to Sigma’s Confluence home page. 

 Sigma Computing, Inc. 2025 Employee Handbook Page 69 rev072025 EMPLOYEE HANDBOOK ACKNOWLEDGEMENT AND RECEIPT FORM Please sign the acknowledgment form below and return it to the People Operations Team. This will let the Company know that you have received the Handbook. It is your responsibility to read and understand the contents of this Handbook. This is to acknowledge that I have received a copy of the Sigma Computing, Inc. Employee Handbook and understand that it sets forth the Company’s policies and practices. I acknowledge this Handbook supersedes all prior handbooks and all other oral or written employment policies. I understand and agree that it is my responsibility to read and familiarize myself with the provisions of the Handbook. I acknowledge that, except for the policy of at-will employment, the terms and conditions set forth in this Handbook, including Company benefit programs, may be added to, changed or deleted at any time with or without prior notice and at the Company’s sole discretion. The policies in this Employee Handbook are not contractually binding on the Company, except for employment at will. At-Will Employment I acknowledge my employment with the Company is not for a specified period of time and can be terminated at any time, with or without cause or advance notice, by me or by the Company. I acknowledge that no statements or representations regarding my employment can alter the foregoing. The at-will employment policy may not be modified except by a written agreement signed by the President of the Company and me. Confidential Information I am aware that during the course of my employment confidential information will be made available to me, for instance, Company and client financial information, client lists and other related information. I understand that this information is proprietary and critical to the success of the Company and must not be disclosed or used outside of the Company’s business interests or with non-Company employees. EMPLOYEE’S NAME (printed): _____________________________________________________ EMPLOYEE’S SIGNATURE: ________________________________________________________ DATE: ____________________________________________________________________________ 

 Sigma Computing, Inc. 2025 Employee Handbook Page 70 rev072025 POLICIES AGAINST DISCRIMINATION, SEXUAL HARASSMENT AND OTHER WORKPLACE HARASSMENT ACKNOWLEDGEMENT AND RECEIPT Please sign the acknowledgment form below and return it to the People Operations Team. This will let the Company know you have received the anti-discrimination and anti-harassment policies and are aware of the Company’s commitment to a harassment-free work environment, as well as your obligations to report discrimination, harassment, and conduct otherwise in violation of the Company’s anti-discrimination and anti-harassment policies. This is to acknowledge that I have received a copy of Sigma Computing, Inc.’s (the “Company”)’s policy prohibiting discrimination, sexual and other workplace harassment, and understand the Company’s policy prohibits discrimination and harassment against any employee or applicant for employment or any third party doing business with the Company, on the basis of race, color, creed, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions, religion, veteran and military status, marital status, registered domestic partner status, age, national origin or ancestry, physical or mental disability, medical condition (including genetic information or characteristics), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, or local laws. I understand the Company is committed to a work environment free of harassment and the Company specifically prohibits retaliation whenever an employee or applicant makes a good faith complaint of harassment or participates in an investigation. To the extent I believe I am subjected to, or witness, any conduct that I believe may be discrimination or harassment, or which is otherwise in violation of the Company’s policies on anti-discrimination and anti-harassment, I will immediately report such conduct to my supervisor, the People Team, or an executive officer. I understand and agree that to the extent I do not use the procedures outlined in the Company’s anti-harassment policy, the Company shall have the right to presume that I have not been subjected to any harassment, or any conduct otherwise in violation of the Company’s policies on discrimination, sexual harassment, or other workplace harassment. EMPLOYEE’S NAME (printed): __________________________________________________ EMPLOYEE’S SIGNATURE: _____________________________________________________ DATE: _________________________________________________________________________ 

 Sigma Computing, Inc. 2025 Employee Handbook Page 71 rev072025 ATTACHMENT - HARASSMENT COMPLAINT FORM We take all allegations of harassment or discrimination. If you believe that you have been subjected to any form of unlawful harassment or discrimination or have witnessed conduct about which you are concerned, please fill out and submit the below form. If you have any relevant documents or evidence, please include them. If you have any questions, or wish to report a complaint verbally or by email, please contact the People Team. Section I – Complainant Information Complainant’s Name Address Email Telephone Number Department _ Position/Job Title Name of Immediate Supervisor Section II – Description of Incident Date and Time of the Incident When did it start? When did it stop?   Is it still going on? Yes. No   Did it occur during work hours? Yes No   Did it occur more than once? Yes. How many times? No Location of incident. _ 

 Sigma Computing, Inc. 2025 Employee Handbook Page 72 rev072025 Description of the nature of harassment (e.g., verbal, nonverbal, physical, sexual, etc.) People(s) who were responsible for the harassment: Person 1: [Position, Supervisor] Person 2: [Position, Supervisor] [optional] Person 3: [Position, Supervisor] [optional] _ “Position” can include: 1) Contractor/Vendor; 2) Client; or 3) Other. If Other, please explain. Describe the incident and the circumstances in which the incident took place. What was your reaction? Who did you talk to after the incident? Give details: 

 Sigma Computing, Inc. 2025 Employee Handbook Page 73 rev072025 Was it the first and only incident between you and the alleged harasser(s)? Yes No If not, list all previous incidents including time, place and nature of events: Section III – Witnesses to Incident List any witnesses to the harassment: Name: _ Department: Work Email: Work Phone: Name: _ Department: Work Email: Work Phone: I understand the incident(s) described above will be investigated. I will be given an opportunity to explain further, and I will be informed of the results of the investigation. Complainant’s Signature _______________________________ Date _______________________________